an
[Music]
I promise to bring you breakfast every
morning I'll promise that my life begins
where you
end I don't want false expectations or
living inside a lie Yours and
mine is true despite what you
say I'll remember that I walk through that
plaza that with shame we couldn't
Even
look at each other The moment came and I took your hand
as we continued walking for the 12 it
fell silent in The big
City City City City City
City what do I want
Villar star in the sky for If by my side
I have the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand what I'm
telling you You have to feel the way your heart
smiles For
[Music]
inside I'll
tell you what happens to me When I
wake up that if I argue it's to get to
know you more there's no fog that can
darken this
[Music]
love I don't
know what we'll go through moments that we can't
imagine that the pain will be so strong
that we'll think about
leaving each other but this feeling won't put
in check the
wounds that they cause to the soul breathe me
please because this life is
slipping away from us for what do I want to see
shine more I want to see the
star in the sky shine If to me  By my side I have
the most beautiful one in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me And what I'm
telling you You
have to feel the way your heart smiles
Inside I
want I
want my side I have
If you'll
understand me There's a fact that I'm telling you By your side You have to
feel the way your heart smiles
With
[Music]
[Applause]
What I thought was that loving no longer
existed That kisses are given away on
any
corner I who thought that loving
was just a game But I look at you and I'm
dying to
have you next to me Invest my life in making you happy
And
I will win the game The time that was
lost I
ask you Every day that your soul be my guide
Until the last kiss that bids farewell to this
path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me
[Music]
If the world separates I'll stay with you
If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you If
you want me to stay I'll stay with you
Because things matter to me And
when I smile I turn around I'm
with you With
you Invest my life in making
you happy And I
[Music] I
will win the game The time that is
lost I ask you Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that ends
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I [Music] Go
ahead I will pour my life into making
you excited And
[Music]
I will win the game The time that was
lost
[Music]
And I ask Every day that your soul be my guide
Until the last kiss that ends this
path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
in front of me
[Music]
[Music] I
promise to bring you breakfast every
morning I will promise that my life begins
where you end I
don't want false expectations Or to live
inside a lie Yours and mine is
true despite what you
say I will remember that I walk through that
plaza That in shame We couldn't
Even
look at each other The moment arrived and I took your hand
As we continued walking For the two
remained silent In The big city
City City City
City I want to shine the star in
the sky If by my side I have the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll
understand me I'm telling you there must be
feel the way your heart smiles inside
[Music] I'll
tell you to pinch me every day
wake up because if I argue it's to get to
know you more there's no fog that can give way to
this
[Music]
love I don't
know what we'll go through moments we can't
imagine the pain will be so strong that
we'll think about
leaving each other but this feeling of ours
will put on Jack the wounds that it caused to
the soul breathe me
please because this life is slipping
away from us why do I want to see it
shine why do I want to see the
star shine in the sky If by my side I have
the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me and what I'm
telling you you have to feel the way your heart
smiles
Inside what I want what I want to
see if peeped if by my side I have B of the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me has been
done that And I'm telling you you have to
feel your heart how it smiles
[Music]
one more And we begin okay one more And we
begin
[Music]
[Applause] I
thought that loving didn't exist anymore that
kisses are given away on any
corner I who thought that loving
was just a game but I look at you and it's that  I'm
dying to
have you You're not investing my life in me Nor
exciting you And I
[Music]
of the game The time that was
lost And I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
If the world separates I'll stay with you
If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you If
you want me to stay I'll stay with you
What do things matter to me And
when I smile I turn around I'm with you With you I'm not
investing my life Nor
exciting you And
[Music]
I will win the game The time that was
lost I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path And I ask every day to
always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
in front of me I will turn my life into
exciting you And [Music]
I will win the game The time that was [Music]
lost And I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path And  I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the
moment I'm pissed off eh with one thing
man What
's going on What's going on you're all there yelling at me that I'm doing something with the editor that we had a little problem Okay and and and I'm trying to solve it but I can't it can't be solved So that's it I'm going to I'm going to try to disconnect I'm going to try to have fun live with
you and and that's it [ __ ] It has
n't turned out well for me nothing ever turns out well for me it never turns out well it never turns out well for me
nothing ever turns out
well for me really eh listen Jai
some of us get up early well Pilar But
you know what
YouTube has you know what YouTube has that
you can watch it on
delay apart from what you're telling me
if it's
10:10 whatever but it's counting if it's 10:10 I mean yes
until now we wouldn't
even normally be
starting today what happens is that I'm
Less busy with the other channels and I
said I'm going to open early and I
set it to open at 10 at 9 What
happens is that I got into a ruckus with something
and and  I got tangled up with something that I couldn't do
And so since it couldn't do it, well, I
came here
but come on
[Music] I do
n't know if I'm in a good mood
eh I don't know if I'm in a good mood eh
Javi have you seen What a great tweet from Dross
to which Dallas responded Well, I don't know if you're
referring to the one I
shared But what a 2 hour wait
Lucas if we've been live for 15
minutes 15 minutes we've been live
family I don't know what we're going to
talk about today eh the truth is that people here
eh people here should I think eh I don't know
if you agree with me
eh the geeks
should and doing all kinds of things One day
because of course if not they're going to give us
5 hour live shows here and I'm 5 hours the
truth is I don't feel like being
here it's not
you Javi you have to accept when you
're jinxed and laugh at yourself no no but
look, I don't believe in those things eh
look, I don't believe in those things but
yes, eh it gives me  it seems to me that there's
a bit of a jinx eh in me eh it seems to
me that there's a bit of a jinx in me But
anyway let's get down to business let's get to the
gossip and 30 in which you closed But anyway it's that
but oh Why are you all
the time throwing things in my face I have
thrown things in your face all the time that we
don't reach 2000 members
that it's scary it's scary that we don't reach
2000 members a channel here with
3000 viewers every night Let's see
how many members we are V are you
throwing it in my face you're throwing it in my face too well
1533 or 100 less than what it says there
on the bar now I'm not going to now I'm not
going to get in to touch it but let's just
let you know okay What happened what
happened things got a bit
tense eh it got
things got a bit tense
eh It turns out that today our
our
Peppa It turns out that today  our Peppa
has opened live cursing all over
Loli's cursing thing
calling her calling her the
disgusting man Consuelo Thank you very much
daughter you were live
Consuelo was live too
daughter well I don't know tarantula I don't know if I
can solve it the truth is let's see it's
not important not that it's
important to me but well a little thing that I
wanted to do and I couldn't do it damn
really eh it's that I got angry
eh It's that I got
angry this afternoon I had to leave it halfway
but I laughed with Carmen that tears were coming out
I haven't seen much okay I've
only seen some other
bits here and there okay I don't know I don't know what she will
have animated what key Loli will have touched
and what will have encouraged Peppa to
open a live I don't know where she goes she's in
the car but she goes In the back I mean she's with
someone and she's cursing Loli she
said disgusting she
said a few things I don't know I don't
know how
Peppa got angry and she thought this was a good idea
Well of course now the Now the other one you'll see
you tomorrow tomorrow if not tonight with the
beer at
Mercadona you will see the other one you are great
Javi let's see some things with
Carmen also okay then I'm also going to take
that I have some clicks
of the Carmen live
and and we're going to see everything we're not going to see
everything but what I would ask
the geeks What a day Corrillo well I
will try that tomorrow I what I would
ask the geeks is that they get together
like
and and one does a little thing on a Monday
Tuesday the other on Wednesday another well of
course they all get there to mess things up and
now I arrive and I have to see 100
things here and I don't have
time and I don't have time everything is going by it's
piling up on me not the work people
here scolding me who was
chilling today have you seen the video from the
main Channel
and and I see the hypocrisy of
some others saying if I want something with
Mar
Ugh it's true the last thing we saw of Loli
was that she told Peppa well
you trust what she has  outraged at
Peppa for telling her that if she wants something with her
husband yet if Peppa
had still told you that of course it's not that she
told you that Peppa is that she told you she told you
drugged that I don't see that it has hurt you
much done drugged and that you pay the
lawyer in flesh do you know how to pay do you
know what it is that of paying in
flesh does it
sound familiar talking about supposed
private conversations of other
third parties Ah It's true it
's also true important Loli began to
insinuate Well she practically said that
here when we talk about insinuating with
these people these people are not that muino
these people tell you but very directly
eh Loli began to file that
Peppa told her intimate things about Raquel
from Big
Brother about horns no that Raquel was
unfaithful
eh on many occasions to her
husband you
don't know What's
going on you know what's going on you know What's going on wait
a
minute you know what's going on
that surely I don't know if Alanne is going to
agree with me but I think it's
going to be like this
eh surely the
Ah is that of course this  would be to give you more
information and they are going to bring it out, they are
going to bring it out, then between them, let them
sort it out, not the The
Movida It is that this
would be, let's see, Peppa has told Loli about
Raquel's intimacies, but of course they are Raquel's
intimacies with another
person, you, you have assumed
that Peppa is betraying
Raquel, but what you may not know
You still know that maybe she is
betraying Raquel and other
people, okay, that's when they will air their secrets between them
and so on, okay,
and the impression that Elena gives me A
kiss, the impression that I get is that
what Peppa has told Loli is not
true. I mean, it's not that this is not that
Peppa is betraying Raquel, don't you
're catching me out.
Don't read that out loud, she says to me, of
course, of course, she knows. I mean, she has
been telling this, let's see, but it's not that, it's not that, it's not that
you are taking
for granted something that I don't believe that is what
you are thinking is that
you are taking for granted that the
climber goes around telling people's intimate details
and betrays by telling those
intimate details but you haven't
stopped to
think that it's a lie or rather that she's a
braggart of hers that she's
making up things that would be more viable It
would be more viable that she's been
making it up You know I think it's a bluff that
Peppa is making up okay she
tells it she's been telling it to a lot of
people but it's a bluff it's a
bluff an no no no it's that you
're not getting it she's telling a
bluff to threaten the others no no no no it's not a bluff
to threaten
anyone Look Pili says well she
told it to me clearly told it to everyone she's
told it to you all clear I don't know
if it's true or a lie and I don't care
but she's being a big mouth and telling
things to one person of course she's
told it to everyone she's been
telling it to everyone and she's gotten
into a money trust mess but the whole thing is that
I think it's a
lie to me  It's a lie, she's
a braggart, she goes around telling it like it's
the truth.
No, what do you mean, are
those from GH attacking her? No, no, no, no, I don't have a
[ __ ] clue how she gets along. She gets along
with them, she doesn't make videos with them. No,
no, no, she doesn't go around like that,
how disgusting,
guys, but she has one sideburn up, I don't know
if you see, you see, but she has one sideburn
up here and the other one is normal. These are these
people, they're really
nervous, of course, like they gave her the
crocodile. Of course, of course, of course, of course,
there you have it, the Prince Felipe idiot. Of course, I think it's
true, says Racel. I think not. I think not. I think she's
a
crocodile. I think she's a
crocodile, of course, the problem is, man. The
problem is that she's telling it, whether it's true or a
lie, is it a sexual intimacy or
several? Of
course, what a [ __ ] with the all the
lies you've marked me. This is how you are with
the
troll now, Loli marks lies. No, man,
she's not a ray of light.
Peppa, no, no, no, no, no. Peppa, no, no, no, let's
see, but it's that I  you're
all writing privately I believe
this I believe that
Ah racel you don't know well you're not
going to know of course you
all are I mean But how not But how are you not
getting it But how are you not getting it
But how are you not going to get it we're
going to keep listening to what
Peppa says that Loli is a liar
who makes up a lot of
lies no man no Peppa no
girl you told me no that
the liar was
guindy hao of I don't hold back what
lies she's telling How good this is
eh How good time is family I mean I
remember I'm
not going to say a thing but
they said that it was us that with
time we were going to fall that we Had something very very very
big that was about a year and a
half ago around a year a year and a half
okay And time man is putting everything
in its place eh it came out that
cancer was invented that lady okay she came
out fighting with Loli okay the ar
of toya It's that from the first moment it
seemed transparent no then  let's
dedicate a little while to the ar of Troy but of
course with all the things that are coming
out now I only need for the
climber to say that she has to see that none
of her friends
defend her no or to complain about Oh it's that
this person has been in the
other person's chat no I mean if she does that I'll throw myself on the
ground here eh if she does that you have to
give me the 2000 members today eh me How
is time
eh All that's missing is for stories to come out
fist all the time eh F t the thing with Tania
eh fite you the thing with Tania eh
what came out of Tania man and we
here without knowing that atrocity that when
Loli threatened we began to know that there was
something but not that it was that
atrocity trust you what came out eh And
the girl was being a pain in the ass being a pain in the ass being a pain in the
ass
eh How is time man many times eh
with the arrola that has left me You can't
imagine the arrola that has left
me Well for me Antonio we spent in these
long and  long
night conversations but
lies I've been told that the
guards of the estates there in Mallorca who are
usually a married couple but what's
wrong with the sideburn but I mean why does
the sideburns exist there it looks like he's been
punched these people are so
nervous these people are so crazy they don't even
know how to get up or how to
go to bed they'll be smoking
more tobacco than necessary at night the other one will be with the one
with these cans from Mercadona
over there you know I mean these people are there
because Of course among themselves they know what each other has been
telling each other and the things
and the shady dealings that each other has been doing
and all that stuff
Of course how does the 240 thing turn out how
embarrassing I want you to keep
one thing in mind I want you to keep
one thing in mind
important all the messes are worth it all
the messes with the geeks and this one the
other one and the ups and downs no and all the chaos is
worth it it came because of Loli
Huertas's money okay I mean that's clear Elena
A kiss queen  Thank you so much for
those five members but today you
have to reach 2000 members eh it's
going to be complicated I don't know if you're going to be
able to
okay I mean everyone started
attacking me started turning their backs on me She
started doing everything you know and nobody defended me
from Pepa who started every night and
every afternoon to make direct and
direct and direct and telling me
everything they've messed up look at everything that's
exploded on the internet all the bad
vibes and such eh she starts it ev then there are
the plots and each one doesn't act in
a certain way no But all the messes she
sets up the appearance of Loli Huerta the
appearance of Loli Huerta Okay and her love
for Antonio David So you
realize that now Peppa is saying that
Loli and her husband are guards I don't know
if it's said like that the
truth I don't know if it's said like that if it's
true but that was already discussed not that they get
paid a good amount of money a month because they're
guards no e like they guard no like they
're watching they're
living  in a house that is not theirs they
are living in houses that are
borrowed from rich people, not that they
pay them to be there eh all the
time so that nothing happens in their
houses, let's not say no Of course now
a lot of the nonsense with Loli with
the lawsuit would be explained And with all those moves no
and that they did not arrive that the
postman did not open that I do not know what is worth of course
eh I do not know if it is true that
Loli is dedicated to that okay But as
she and her husband are dedicated to that and a
large part of the salary has been taken by
her call for attention on the internet and
everything that Antonio David is supposed to have paid her
Between 25 3000 a month and she too
he and she not the
marriage I do not know will have to go to daycare
to Hello Diego to Mallorca they do not
bring good food electricity they do not pay water they do not
pay anything me Why do not I have a husband if I did
not go as a daycare to Because if they earn
between 200 500 and 3000 you have the house
prepared the pool ready and the wife
earns less because they are the
housework and  maybe it's worth it and from guardeses to
Mallorca no and the Germans have
told me that the Germans pay very
well of course Those are the very foreigners
no those are the very
foreigners who received the lawsuit
no God of my
life God of my
life you always have your
mom's house Monica says but that's a lie
of Loli no farm or guard no
I know how she invents the lives
of others and hers too the
guards were them I don't know I
have no idea Oh I don't know if she had to me she told me yes that I remember that
Loli was telling people that I
know that she was a millionaire that she had
castles of I don't know what of I don't know how much
Uf Uy
uyu
u with what we are giving internet of
course the Internet is what it
has family look at all the lords
because it's over save me or they got angry with
save me with the duus series they didn't
discover This about the youtuber no and
now they have found Of course here
on the internet well we find all
kinds of
personalities so here  we have
a Netflix setup
Netflix had to have 60% by
40% in
hotel chains Oh
come on, I'm like that I'm glad he could have
given his friend
Antonio this a job that
the creature asked him for and Antonio gave him
Antonio LoL with so many hotels Find me
something there maybe me as a waiter who checks
rooms that's going to work it's that I do
n't do that that's the
hotel management do it, I'm not a
hotel Zionist You can do it come out of the
[ __ ] so much nonsense And then I
told him I say look how much he wants to
see
Alberto in all the hotels in Mallorca
there they manage the dinners And that's what you
get
Alberto to
Ay but it's only the one who runs
the shows of course and you as a
wholesale cynist can't do anything what the [ __ ] is going on
girl but it's that I or rather
here practically what you're saying
climber Okay now I'll look at it there my daughter that I
'm with this here what the climber is saying
in case you're not understanding it well
okay say say
who's
what the children of ch uncle  Listen to
what the climber is saying here, I don't know
if you're understanding it, okay, it's that
she was fully aware of
Loli's inventions. Okay, so
what Peppa is telling us here is that she was just
going along with it, in other words, she's
saying things about the other to make
the other look bad, but she doesn't realize
that she's making herself look bad
too. Of course, because you climber, what you
're saying here is that you
realized Loli's stories and
Loli's lies and that you were
going along with Loli's [ __ ], that Loli
told you that she had hotels and now then you
asked her for a gig for your son, she wouldn't
give it to you and the loser asked her for a job and she wouldn't
give him a job. The poor
needy man who doesn't even have enough to
comb his hair. Of course, but nevertheless, you not
only went along with it with that,
but you invented a cancer to
bother me and everyone around me
and you went along with it
too, eh? Of
course, but if what you're
saying here, let's see, what she's saying
is the
following  Oh how lazy if I
always say it man if I always always always
say it always happens always happens
yes always happens Hey Thank you very much
to all of you who have
stayed here from the beginning and have not
left for this series of anyway
Oh yes of course of course
you knew
Peppa Of course you knew the stories Of course
you knew that it was a story
but what but yes it is that but yes it is that yes it is that
Loli's stories are as
if I tell it to m Leo okay I mean it's not
a thing it's not a lie like the ones
you make up not like what
Loli is saying that she knows about a friend of
yours who slept with I don't know who okay
those are your bragging inventions
that well then Okay well they are better or
worse but Loli's stories I
was going to say the horns with what
you are telling about
Raquel Loli's stories are
stories that not even the most
stupid or the shortest will swallow nobody believes that
Loli has had cancer nobody  can you
believe that Loli had cancer and that she had
lung surgery the same day and
got a breast? There you are already laughing at
people's intelligence in the face okay
There you are already telling people that it
's a lie and only they Can follow you
fools or not fools of course not
fools and I
'm wondering now how stupid I
am man the truth is that I was
surprised I am Oh I was surprised I was
surprised says the
cool one I'm wondering now the
[ __ ] that I am man the truth is that
I was surprised didn't it surprise you no that she had
breast surgery at the same time as her lung didn't it
surprise you no Peppa Oh I was surprised
what nerve he has man
what a cheek but one thing is that I miss you
and another thing he says he can't be
pulling so many strings of course he can't
be pulling so many strings and
now you want those who follow you
that they are two idiots eh Now you want them to
split up or stay with you
because the other one is a liar no Peppa
no those who have stayed with you those
who follow you are idiots and they
believed it  that the woman had breast surgery,
lung surgery, and danced with a dove.
Yes, even she
sees me and I see the hypoc, there's a thing
because of course when you talk all the
time saying I want something with the
husband, but come on, I'm like that, I'm
glad, he could have given his friend
Antonio, a, this, a job that
the child asked him for and Antonio gave him
Antonio Loli, daughter. With so many hotels,
find me something there, the same thing, like a
waiter who passes
rooms, because I don't have that,
that's the
hotel management's job, I don't. Although if you're a
shareholder in a hotel, you can do whatever the [ __ ]
you want,
all this nonsense, and then I
told him, I say, look how much you want
to see
Alberto, in all the hotels in Mallorca
there,
eh, they manage the dinners, and that's what you get with
Alberto. Oh, but it's only the one
who runs the shows who gets it, of course, and you
as a wholesaler, you can't do
anything, what the hell?
But it's that I don't. Go to hell, girl, you
're telling him now, at the moment you didn't tell
him. Go to hell, girl.  the
moment you were following her
roll Go [ __ ] yourself girl no Go [ __ ] yourself
girl you're telling him now
that he's telling all your intimacies
and that he told you that you're a drug addict distant
and that and that you're eating Loli
the monster that you created beautiful eh
Now you're eating 5% of what we've
eaten Us with your Loli
while you fed her and
took her to your channel so that she could tell us
all these things now you eat her
now you eat her I hope that you have
made enough money for it to be
worth it to you
Loli will put the crocodile in a fine Philippine
I'm very surprised that it hasn't
come out today eh tesa you're watching me
so I don't have to write to you
daughter tesa A little bit of the same thing has happened to me
just It just happened to me
more or less twice as much as you it's the
only thing that we have been able to do of
course sometimes he told her Loli I love you
Loli I love you but the thing is that here he is
saying that he told her Go [ __ ] yourself girl
when he  caught the lies
no no no no eye Loli Huertas's statement
today I can't do live my
eyes are bad I can't force myself to
continue the chat apart they would say that I'm a
crybaby when I'm great if tomorrow you
're better yes I will be live jola
what are you going to take tomorrow
Peppa Brbara Rey breaks her silence on
Monday on Tele5 a special
Monday program I'm wondering now the
[ __ ] that I'm a man the truth is that I
missed you but one thing is that I
missed you and another thing is saying she can't
be pulling so much strings on me she
can't be pulling so much
strings on me Yes she even told me in a
famous scene that she said it was all they
ate drank and then that it's a
lie and Antonio was telling
me with that attitude everything they
did a life
J There are things because of course when you
talk every day man let's see I'll
also tell you one thing I never saw her
and I've always said it not from now on leaving
that room that room
not
from that one from that little
piece and when she left through Mayorca
nobody has greeted her I don't know where she
went  I'm going for Laira with the mobile phone you
see me I'm Goodbye bye I don't know what Okay and
we are
156000 inhabitants Pepa didn't leave the
room because her boss was at the
chalet partying and she didn't belong there
man gringo look at her when in the
summers every summer holiday she would
come into the room and stay with
us talking I'm telling you I used to fall
asleep much earlier I used to fall asleep on my
sofa and I couldn't stand it that long
and and Antonio would stay talking to her
I used to sleep on the sofa with the video call
and it turns out that many times as a
child go di Loli it's not that you're
in the garden in the pool you're
having a few drinks but I'll pass I'm
better off with you one day and another day and another day and another day and another day and another day and
dea and she's not with them one night
in the pool the good weather in Mallorca
drinking
coquitas instead of taking the little bottle of
come on that sounded strange to you no Peppa that
sounded strange to you come on are you telling me that the are you
telling me that all the time  I
was lying and on top of that you're telling me
that you smelled bad all the time
so Javi Oliveira was right or he
was not right where we were
talking I didn't understand it much but well I do
n't know I
thought maybe he already seemed complexed
about being with them but once and again and again and
again I'm going to put
things
HM and about calling the husband I told it
in a live it wasn't me it was my
brother but later I'm going to give more
details I'm going to give details yes I'm going to give
details I'm not going to name the people
but I'm going to give
details of why that call
happened and it wasn't me it wasn't me but I'm going to
give details that I have no choice but to
give them have we ever talked about
open relationships ah
one day we're going to talk about
open relationships that have no choice there are
people who maybe the poor things don't
have more means to have
open relationships
no I mean one of the two in the
marriage
no we are not active let's not say no
is not a very active person for whatever reason
and then gives permission to the other to
be active on their own
buah And who  Do you think it's a
consenting cuckold or a consenting cuckold, of
course, what would we be talking about? Of course, open, right? No, no,
Monica, open,
just
open,
of course. I don't understand them better. There are people
who, for
convenience, find it better to have an
open relationship than not to have one. What do I say?
eh, but I would like to talk
one day about
open relationships. This is civil, civil, civil,
bita Moreno. I'm talking about
open relationships, I'm not talking about
anyone in particular, but I would like to talk
about that. I would like to talk or or
as I put it the other days about
infidelities. Of course, because if your husband
cheats on you at a bachelorette party for a
brother of a sister or your brother-in-law, it
can be forgiven. I hope your husband doesn't have
too many bachelor parties.
How how how how how
open. I'm not talking about anyone
in particular, but I would like to talk about
that. I would like to talk or or as I put it
the other days about infidelities.
Of course, because if your husband cheats on you at
a bachelorette party for a brother of
a sister or your
brother-in-law, damn, it can be forgiven. I hope
your husband doesn't have too many
bachelor parties. Come on, I'm not
telling anyone, I'm leaving it there.  in
the air in the
air [ __ ] man these
people [ __ ] these people man
my goodness these people things are going to get
out the hypocrisy of
some
others saying if I want something with the
husband talking about supposed
private conversations of other
third
parties how disgusting you are girl How
disgusting you are what a [ __ ] with the with the
number of lies that you have marked me This is how you
are with the lies I talk about freedom I do
not cut myself what lies he is marking
with the number of lies that he has marked me you can
not imagine the wave that he has marked me
Well for me
Antonio long and long
night conversations this is great Eh This is
great this gossip eh here is missing Ho
go on Pablo do not come
in to me they have told me that the
guards of estates there in Mallorca who are
normally married couple earn between
2 3000
and she too he and she not the
married couple I do not know will we have to go to guard
to Hello Diego to Mallorca
no and they take good food they do not pay water they do
not pay anything
minutes
Hello Germans pay very well them  They take care of
the chalets during the year and they
prepare them when they go home Yes yes I know
gringo I Why don't I have a husband if I didn't
go as a guard Because if they charge
between 2500 and 3000 you have the house
prepared the pool ready Let's see who
is the handsome one who explains this to Dallas
and Fran no no but listen to me those people
are gossips to understand this but
come on to catch it at the moment they don't make
videos Because it gives him life eh if not
Dallas would make it a video of this
because it is very good
and the woman earns less because it is the
housework and such it is worth it
guard Mallorca no and the Germans
have told me that the Germans pay very
well It is that it is from gu of she is a ball of
Loli Nica not guard
No I that S as she invents the lives
of others also hers the same guard
were they I don't know I have no idea I
know what they have told me to me Alo let's go with
that he had 6% 40% in chains of
[Music]
hotels that so I  I'm
glad he could have given his friend
Antonio a
job, yeah, the
creature gives a
job, I don't know, security can give it to him
or some Ah, no, I don't
mean a
barbarity or some center Whatever
specializes in giving people jobs, they
sand it or with so many hotels Find me
something from there, maybe I'll be a waiter who
checks
rooms, because I don't do that, the
hotel management does that, I don't know, if you're a shareholder
in a hotel you can do it however you
want, nonsense and then I told him, I
say, look how much he wants to see
Alberto in all the hotels in Mallorca
there they manage the
dinners but
not this woman was defending privacy and
Loli's I understand the irony Garcia
but these people don't
give a damn about privacy I mean it's very clear let's go at the
moment in which Pepa started to
tell even my private things you
understand
eh the privacy man Ofelia I already
missed you Eh my Ofelia every
day stopping by today to leave 20 members eh
today she left double of what  it's
normal I don't know why it will be because it's the second of July
Of course a kiss Felia gorgeous Thank you
very much darling look at the
gifts out there family so that you
touch watch out eh it's a script for a
comedy movie from a friend to a friend no no
but the only privacy that had to be
protected was the poor
t the only privacy that had to be
defended was her own,
poor Tania's okay the other privacy can
go to
hell and that's what you get Alberto Oh but it's
only the one who runs the
shows who gets it of course and you as a
cynist wholesaler can't do anything what the [ __ ]
girl [ __ ] do you know where the [ __ ] is
too bad Good morning
Juan But it's that I'm wondering
now the [ __ ] that I am man the
truth is that it surprised me man the truth is that it
surprised me no but you have to see the
[ __ ] that I have swallowed it
all eh but one thing is that it surprises you
and another thing is saying can't she be
pulling so much [ __ ] on me no no she can't
be pulling so much [ __ ] on me it
surprised me a little yes she even told me at
a famous dinner that she said  that was
all they ate drank and then he
says that it's a lie and
Antonio was telling us to me with that attitude
all they did was invent a life
that's inventing a life This is the same they
just gave away 50
family members But what madness warse But if
here 50 members are not like the
kids that you have to put them from
Argentina
buah Thank you very much man a kiss warse
Hey, a loud applause No to warse no
family of telesalseo what's going on There's
going to fall on almost all the members
eh almost all of you are going to fall that Nuri
Nuri invents rise of the others and
this one invents hers of the others there's
no more story and she'll say stupid things like
what you saw and there they
are mother of God How
funny Ah that already of the pppa there
is
more Uf la Loli tomorrow eh
kid la Loli tomorrow eh
family I think that tomorrow there will not be either
Claro because it is that tomorrow unless we
do Corrillo commenting on this
Claro because of course It's that
this This was worth pardim
Eh This  it was worth it
very par
red John has given away five pieces of
member handsome this one is not going
I don't care that people make up their
life
Hey let's see
wait [ __ ] what
nerve I'm going to get it back
okay while you give a round of applause to
all those who are giving away members out
there I get the
big clip back of course it's
this big good day fall in
love my Pili c member ol ol Hey
but what happened suddenly that you
all came up you fell for La
Ofelia you fell for Ofelia today
not everyone
and go there and go members Well, you
have it complicated because my Ofelia spends
every day like a grandmother and gives me
my 10 members in all the live shows eh
But well, well, well,
with those 50 members it must also be
said she didn't leave the room because she
had her bosses at the party chet and
she didn't belong at all man gringer look at
her when in the summers, especially
the summer holidays, she would go into the
room and stay with us
talking I'm telling you, I used to fall asleep a lot
before I would fall asleep in my I could
n't stand there for that long and p and
p and Antonio would stay talking to her
I would sleep on the couch with the video call
and and it turns out that I would often say
girl go di Loli it's not that they are in
the garden in the pool they are
drinking but I'll pass I'm better it's a
movie of this it's a movie by
Alfredo Landa eh ot day and another day and
another day and another day and and she's not with him
f you Pepa what she's counting on the
ceiling
okay the ceiling here stapled they got
a stapler so the ceiling doesn't fall
and they stapled the fabric one night
the pool the good weather in Mallorca
having a
drink take the little bottle of beer to
where we were
talking I didn't understand much but well I did
n't
think complex of being with her but
once again ot time again
everything was
weird everything very strange very strange very strange I
mean the stapler was right When he said
that Peppa slept on the
couch Sure sure if I don't care let's
go see I don't care  that
people make up their
lives what I'm not going to allow is for them to
make up mine Because mine is
mine So if you make up your life It
seems fine to me whatever you want you
want to be the queen of Sheba you are the
queen of Sheba but don't make up
mine let her let loose whatever she wants Solar I
don't fear her I'm not afraid of her because it's
clear that what she makes up is
everything because look what the last thing she
said I'm going to put it later come on
I hadn't seen it
eh then I'll talk to the gy Go [ __ ]
yourself girl I'm going to talk to that
guy who for M is a guy
Shameless who said that I
was accusing him sexually
I love my cameos eh family I mean it
makes me very excited really I
tell you in this episode to have a cameo no I'm not
going to fool you pily also gave away
five memberships I've seen it I've seen it I've
thanked him pily thanks him You're
also here today that I don't see eh he's here
today that I don't
see and that he had  afraid of finally going out
with the dog, not
even the police have her address, she gives birth and she says it so
calmly and the people applaud her, there are
people and people applauding. Hey, my
people there applauding, handsome, applaud
no, they're applauding, she's outraged
by the applause, family, applause, you don't
have a few out there, but there are some, well, I don't understand, let's
see, my life doesn't understand, doesn't understand, doesn't understand, doesn't understand,
she wanted Gindy to
sink and she doesn't understand, she didn't
sink, why did that call
happen and it wasn't me, it wasn't me, but I'm going to
give
details that I have no more than the means to
give them, let's
see, we've sometimes talked about
open relationships, the
DJ is running and you weren't there, wanting this, what they've given
us, this, what has been
man?
Ah, this that they have given us, we're going to talk about
open relationships, they have no choice, there are
people who, poor things,
have no choice but to have
open relationships,
not open legs, no, no, Monica,
open, simply
open, Rivera says, I don't understand them, maybe there
are people who, for comfort  Well it's
better to have an open relationship than
not to have one. Yes, I love you, that's what there is if you
want to see it if not I'll stay
single. The Super chats haven't
sounded yet, I've seen them on watch
but now they will sound because of course since they have
given away so many members, well, we have to
wait for the members to finish and
their turn to come, don't
worry, I would like to talk or or as I
put it, the social networks, Of course
because if your husband cheats on you at a
bachelorette party for a brother of a
sister or your brother-in-law, it can be forgiven.
I hope your husband doesn't have too
many bachelor parties. Let's say I
'm not telling anyone or I'm
leaving it up in the air in the
or up up up
Ugh hard that eh hard hard that eh Let's
see, before of course we're going to see
Carmen giving her opinion on that
live show and now we'll see the other live show
that Peppa did in the afternoon. Well of
course while Carmen was
reacting to
this, Peppa did another live show to
answer
Loli even more, I mean then of course this is this
is crazy that's why I tell you that us
geeks should put it  schedules eh
these
people no you have pretended to be a
fake friend you pretend to be a fake friend and you
put up with an absurd lady who is not
your friend at all with whom you have
nothing in common or anything you put up with her for the
money that's why you pretend that you
loved her very much and er your friend what the
[ __ ] is going to be your friend of course
now She's complaining about
Loli's lies you know
how but what are you complaining
about what are you complaining about
Loli's lies but if that's what we were
telling you you were putting us green I
mean when I
[Music]
to publicly denounce no Hey this
lady can't be that this lady Look at
the things she does well everything you
messed up you climb everything you messed up
was for Loli's money because you
saw Loli's Super chat
Loli's visas your eyes started to
sparkle and look you know what's going on Peppa I'm
going to explain to you what's going on now
we're here without Lolis you're there okay
while it's being said that you
are  a drug is far that you pay the
lawyer
with How did the one tell you that you pay
the lawyer that you sleep with him we're going to
call you a prostitute eh Loli eh
calling you a prostitute Loli careful eh
Well now what happens is that
here we don't have Loli on telesalseo
But look We have a little button here that
says target members How many
super chats are we going to put today how much super chat are we going to
put today we're going to go Ho
crazy with this No because today is a day
of
celebration Today is a day of celebration
no family
1 5 10 15 20
50 what what goal do we set for
today's sasca we can't let ourselves down eh
family we can't we can't let ourselves down eh
something that you think can be met eh
the maximum that we have set on some
occasions has been 20 and it has been met and
we have given the
sasca 50 Ariana I think we can
look bad eh we could Try with
30 we could meet to see pichon says
that
50 I see it very very  risky eh
Because they can leave us in a bad light tomorrow
when they're watching this and say Haha No you
won't reach the goal without Loli do you
understand me
no Then I think Chari says to
put the 50 one man I mean if Chari
puts it if Chari says it she's one of the
people who run the channel
eh lolilo says 50 is a lot lolilo is a
lot we need Loli
then ugh Well look
you know
what ugh let's put 30 No no it's not that it's not that it's not
possible it's not possible 25 35 there's
none it's 1 5 10 15 20 30
50 I'm going to put the 30 one okay I'm going to put
the 30 one
and we're going to give
Peppa a sasa Look Peppa do you remember
Peppa do you remember Peppa all the mess you made of
me all the [ __ ] you threw at me
and all the what do you
want but not to m a d they have to how's
everything Javi how's life going very
well no beautiful
all this mess you've made of us  all this
that you've messed up with for Loli and everything
we've swallowed here for Loli
okay Where is it Where is it it's
closed on me
[Music] damn Well
now look objective Peppa without
Loli without Loli Look where we got if LoL
today
eh very dirty you have a very dirty mouth
you have already sold out to everyone
around you You have a very dirty mouth I
have a very dirty mouth and I have
sold out to everyone around me
precisely I have not sold out to
anyone Peppa
Peppa of course Define Define Define sell of
course I have not sold out to anyone You the
troll Tania the other one and the one on the motorcycle yes yes me no me no
your arrogance you you your evil because
you're an aunt How evil you really are I'm totally
amazed Oh now she
's freaking out with how evil
Loli is Julia Fernndez member
for 4 months now Thank you very much Julia
Fernndez beautiful but trust the one that La
now eh careful we're talking about the
intimacy of third parties that
have nothing to do with this but that's very
good eh  That's very good That's very
good it's done very well yes
Thank you for it eur and begoa you for 9
months aunt I don't need your
money no
you others will need it not me Peppa
anymore this disna fool of Oh I don't
need your money and these things
Peppa no more you don't know who doesn't
need your money Peppa to us we do
n't need Loli's money to
us We don't kneel
before Loli we don't follow
Loli's lead of Oh what cancer you have Oh
look what they told you on Twitter Open
directly insult this one and the other no no no no no that
was you that you that you it's
not that you have sold anyone for
money you have sold yourself You have
sold
yourself You first came here You
were with us until you saw and
caught Loli's movements the
moment you caught
Loli's movements you focused on
Loli you spent hours and hours and hours and hours
on the phone that was because you liked her
because  You saw her at Pepe
Santo's and you thought she was a
very funny and
eloquent woman Oh now she's bad No now she's
bad and she's hurting you
Oh well this is where we didn't sell out
when she came to impose with Super
chat nothing Look at the challenge we set You
'll see how you're going to take it in your
mouth I haven't been talking to you for a year and a half
without you giving me
absolutely anything Look Sister has been
with us for a month and you haven't given me
absolutely anything you wanted to give me a
woman to take care of my mother for a month
because I hurt my foot and I said
no what are you telling me You give a super
chat the super chat to others
Oh now everyone who talks to her
no but I don't believe this Peppa but
I don't believe this what are you going to
say what are you going to say that now
everyone who talks to Loli
licks her No man But pppa this no this can't
beja this is too much even
for
you this is too much even for you Peppa
you can't just pick this up and let it go like that
right away that would be like giving her a  a little
right to Javi
Not mine since that is the difference you
have with the others I have always been
your friend that is different people say
when she gave you she was not my
friend but not to me what are you friend the
climber and the trolls period the number of
fools tends to infinity face
twisting
gorgeous I came in here because I wanted her to
defend herself from everything that was being
done to her Oh Peppa you know what's
going on now the swerve
No of course Ah the swerve is very
shameless
now the swerve very shameless Of course
because now the swerve is wait that I have to
put a
tweet for my first
240 Oy if we get to 240 I eh
listen to me kisses
Robin Loli is buying a big bad one
to answer Uf
tomorrow
Uf I think tomorrow we could do the
Corrillo but on this subject
eh I think tomorrow yes there could be a
Corrillo Interesting but on this
subject eh kiss negrita heart for kiss
I'm not late it's just that now Peppa's swerve
is very complicated kiss Rafaela the
swerve  of Peppa now
would be to say everything that I've said
For a year and a half two years in fact
No, of course the swerve the
swerve of Peppa now is very
complicated although she doesn't care eh these
people have no shame I also tell you
Noa Thank you Thank you very much
because you were a victim but
now you are the executioner of course there she is
trying to justify wait that I have to
put a you to the kids she is
trying to justify that when she
gave voice to Loli Here nobody needs the
prominence of
Loli but apart from that man I don't know if
you guys get to
think for a moment that I have to upload
a tweet to the kids okay let's go for
the
climb one moment
that I have to put a t to the
kids almilla
Peppa thank you thank you
I'm putting a kids
for Hello beautiful ladies I come from the
kids where Javi has abandoned us more
than lol Yesterday I was there I don't
even know how many hours Yesterday I was there a
lot of time today there is none today at the
moment there is nothing but today today you
had a great video on the main channel
if in two weeks she says that she won with
cancer, that would be very
complicated, that would be very
complicated, I don't think it would get to
that, that would be very complicated, really,
just
lailo the challenge, for the challenge, can you
imagine that in a week she takes
the pppa and says Loli you invented
cancer, I don't think it will get to that,
no
family, do you believe that it can
get to that, that would be let's see, she's giving me the
reasons, almost everything that you've given me,
one thing more than another, I also
tell you, true love can't be bought, it's sold,
how beautiful, how beautiful, how beautiful,
hacked, do you believe that she would be capable of
that,
family would be very strong If suddenly
one day she says, if Loli increases the level,
Yes, let's see, I also tell you, if she's already
giving me the reason, in a lot of things, she
's saying the same things that I said, she
has already
insinuated it, she hasn't insinuated it, she has
said that, of course, of course, I
understand you, of course, she may
say it, but you know what she's going to say, she's
not going to say that she believed her, she's going to say that she
believed her that now she
has realized that Loli hasn't  she had
cancer but she
believed her that's what she's going to
say you were a victim and as a victim
I was there next to you and now
you are Executioner and Executioner nothing more than of
your friend of Pepa the only one who didn't talk about
your family the only one who hasn't been
interested in Looking to see
where
not finally a Corrillo that puts the one that was
worth it consumptives girls
has called her disgusting has
called her a [ __ ] You're a
[Laughs]
Golf you're a [ __ ] just told her
eta no you're not wrong eh I do what
you hadn't done with others that
me being a youtuber and she giving me
memberships she gave them to her then I gave them to her
on her live because before
we fought her money seemed dirty to me she didn't
want to she didn't want to she didn't want you
know what Loli will have given her what Loli will have let
her out
and let it come out now eh And let it come out
now what Loli will have to give her let Loli
take it tomorrow and say listen to me you
know what I paid you this this this
put a  good luck to you this and everything else
there what happens that you will
never be able to understand in life is that someone does
not take
someone's money it costs
work go Loli Peppa you went with a
notebook writing down all the Super chats
that were not
given Loli there I confirm it to you that no I
could not fault that
but not to me you have that the climber is a
victim and Executioner at the
same time I do not see anything of a victim but a
victim of what that now she is
eating the monster that she has created
but let's see this as if let's see
if I start running through the
s30 Peppa when you were hammer you
had no mercy now you want yun have
patience exactly No no now that she
endures the same thing that we have
all endured that she continues to maintain No I
gave her a voice here so that she could defend herself from
what Pepa Tell me When are you going to
tell me what she was defending herself from that you
were eating her head saying that
here we were saying something about her
so that she would give you the Super chat to you
eh that if it is very dirty  Loli's money
Wash your
hands it's very dirty Loli's money
Wash your hands
daughter but who was it Noe Noe
told me something like no no no Sid it was
Clara and she says it victim victim is not
a person let's see if I start
running imagine along the s30 and I start
running along the s30 in front of
cars if a car hits me I won't be a
victim I'll be an
idiot to be what has looked for me
no let's see t indiscreet girl Let's see if
you have a [ __ ] return 5 let's see if you
have a [ __ ] Well look I'm going to
answer you and this for Carmen Javi you're going to
talk about ID merlano and wesc
Beatriz we talked about that yesterday honey
Peppa Carmen doesn't have to return 500
euros because Carmen hasn't made
the lady give her 500
euros you did have to return it to
make a pair on the screen gypsy that you will be
like the Counterfeit coin that goes from hand to hand
And no one  I know what goes from hand to
hand And no one knows what you have a
kiss a kiss clear is that clo
500 is going to return Carmen if Carmen does not
hang out with this type of people that
you hang out with and does not have to return 500
to anyone because she has not taken 500 from
anyone You did start saying that they
put the videos in Yellow
being a lie it is not that they put the
videos yellow green purple if these
colors they put
your videos as if they were going to earn a lot
with the videos in green you know or with
viewers It's not that they Put the videos
in Yellow the evil guindy
demonetizes my channel but if it has
300 viewers and 400 and they are for talking
about me what does it matter if they put it
Yellow or red that you are going to earn a lot in
green with the
video let's see if you have it because I
had it with Loli let's see if someone
has balls or the other or the other the
retro Tania or whoever she
gave money to let's see if they have balls or
damn how did I get the 500 euros back 500
euros
Oh Peppa little by little Now we'll
go little by little Now we're going to get
involved with everyone who's
with Loli no Or everyone that Loli
donated to no oj that when I got mad
at the people who hung out with you with
Loli or something like that eye they
made me feel like I was a dictator that
the people had to owe me
homage a kiss Pili
[Music]
heart Well she's given a lot of details
Pili has given a lot of details that I
remember that I was like some kind of
dictator or something like that no that the people
if they didn't if they didn't pay homage to me I would
give them one that no See I mistreated everyone that's what
happened don't you dare now Peppa
to you say anything to the people that they should take
you and take Loli you let
everyone be free and talk to
whoever they want you shouldn't feel
bad that nobody talks to Loli now eh
Peppa  you don't have to feel bad about
that or what happens that they owe you
Play to the people Oh how we are eh When
things happen to us
eh What happens is that you have no [ __ ] or
balls here the one who has Papo is me and the one
who has always gone straight is me
nesta thanks for these
five right you have gone straight right right
straight for
Loli's money it's your turn what happened has gone
wrong you thought you would have
a salary here in this cafe for life and it turned out
rewel
inchi come on but no you have to
colonize latam Don't play conqueror
Javi oliveira the owner of latan Hey with this nonsense we've
had 15 super chats I mean we're
halfway through the challenge let's go let's
go seriously dude seriously we're going to get there I don't
think so no I don't
think so
no Javi you even told him not to
donate because he went up and it wasn't right
but I've told LoL many times
especially when he came around like imposing no that it could
n't be done Antonio David and things like that
no but it  you lost the first one the
first time was with Enrique no the
first time with Enrique No she had already
uploaded before and juanca you had told her
that she had a house there and juanca said to you
well then I'll open a live stream for you No I
have it all there too eh And apparently
Then it was a lie or what do I know the mess you
made up for Enrique and me that the
first time she uploaded it was with
Enrique she
and I uploaded things but of course pg you are
a disgusting liar that you
made up something to throw a huge hate at us
you Alan and Javi I won't piss myself
saying it that we made up
what that we made up that you laughed
at Pilar well that you laughed no that
you told something Private about Pilar
to Loli so that Loli would get horny deara that was like that
yes yes that was like that
Nobody made that up That's
recorded that's recorded Peppa
raquil must have been with Peppa and she must have
told that Peppa in confidence no I don't
think so and then Peppa went with her  I did
n't tell Loli about the wedding eh
Loli eh she makes things up and you guys are
exaggerating
[Music]
that Peppa yes let's see that Loli
hooked up with me the two of these that Loli does
make up a lot of things okay yes yes yes yes
Loli does make them up What
happens is that we
exaggerate them I mean Loli makes them up
but we're worse eh because we
We
exaggerate they already mentioned something like that I'm
going to explain what happened no I can't
give names out of respect for the people or
three people who were
and I told it today here when there was a
time when she lost a lot of
weight she got really bad she said a lot more
nonsense She was totally crazy
a person close to her called me and when she
got to me those that you all know those
that you all know I think that
99.999% of those who are here of those
who are going to listen to me know them I
can't say her name Because I'm not
like she calls me and she tells me Peppa eh he
talked to Talan and we see Loli very bad
eh so bad that we are worried
because at that time I
was also having a very bad time very bad then we
were blocked And I thought if I
am having a bad time and maybe she
can also have strange thoughts because I
was very
bad and she said to me We ask you please to
get in touch with her and I told her I can't
get in touch because me
and her She and I are blocked
Peppa la please such that cu Then I
'll call you she called me come and I told her I have
another
phone that she Let's see one of the
times that she couldn't reach me she
called me she called me she called me she
called me it was when I was
one of the nights that I go out with my
Alberto to go to dinner and and she couldn't
reach me because my Alberto told me the
cell phone in the bag we are both having
dinner Chatting and our ball very
well I put the cell phone in the bag and
comfortable to eat
seafood Loli
seafood is so splendid the two of them are
very splendid
with me when Alberto's phone rings
and it was my son
ngel says is he with you no
says sea we have to have set the
objective
man we have lost Direct a kiss Noa Thank you
very much we should have
set the objective to reach 30
we want to eat seafood
Hey Pepa but you're eating seafood and you
don't pay Pilar the 30 that you owe her
that you left her owing the 30 euros and you have
n't paid her girl pass it to her She
says pass it to me Angel passes me I
say what's wrong Angel says Loli doesn't
stop calling me she says she's
calling you and you don't pick up the
phone digel I have it in my bag And I
say silently now when we finish
dinner I'll call her okay the next day well I'll
call her then we talked quickly
and the next day she tells me when
I can't reach you you have to
give me another phone number you already have
my Angel's no but another phone number of your
brother's and he says I'm going to give you
my husband's phone number in case one day you
can't reach me or something happens that
you have it okay Loli I used that
phone when this person when this
person  get in touch with me
worried with another person and another
person the career is going on we see how
big you are the beautiful heart you
have you will always have my support AB
precious the heart of the dummy is come on
Thank you so much divine divine so beautiful
and when she gave me the phone number
when they tell me this I say look Pepa
if something happens to her and you have been able to avoid
each one she gets bad things in her
head and I tell my
brother How
heavy Antonio and I knew she is so
but she is not that she does not trust us it
is that as she lies so much but not to me
where do they have to propose to her at their
next party to get these two to
fight because I want to bet on Lolly
hul face crying with laughter thing face
crying with laughter Hol bust man
Loli busts her of course I have seen the dummy
in person and it is a come on she must
weigh 20 or 30 kg or something Of course Loli I do
not know how much Loli weighs but only
because of him nothing more than the attitude
No only because of the impetuousness that he
has and has invented That this terrible
life  That terrible story he
thinks the rest of us are going the
same way my brother called you because
that person that we all know we all
think there is no one here who doesn't
know him was worried because he had
spoken to two other people and they
were worried and the only one they
trusted that I could appease
was Era m that's why my brother made that
call to that phone number you
shameless [ __ ] come on
report me you shameless [ __ ]
disgusting [ __ ] but no but what are you
doing a seafood feast to your health Javi
a kiss Thank you very much
handsome you you you it's clear to you too
tireta Uh she tried what she keeps
saying that Peppa tried to
contact with
Lolis's husband
skipton and with the phone brother with
Alfonso's brother's phone no Pilar clarify for me Pilar what do you
understand Here we will see if between us
all we can do this clarify for me let's see she does
n't understand anything Pilar doesn't understand anything
well Pilar will now be with
you rabid chair No now Hold
on I think stayed with sex
yit and things
you with the
eseit issue and
Cos created with  sex and
body art has the leol all
won
ris car kiss gorgeous Thank you so much of
course what she's
insinuating here is like she's short no I
mean like there's some topic that of
course Loli has faults she's not
short and of course this is what I would do with
the topic not of the husband I don't know
what the [ __ ]
russel
[ __ ] rassel
poor thing has a
session Oy I ask to sleep See you tomorrow
babe and that's it this is Carmen giving her opinion
on the live okay let's
listen to her jf says the end that we all
expected no this is not the end I think
the end is
saying that LoL doesn't have
cancer I think the end is going to be that
and it's over you don't have to be
afraid now that I tell her now how am I
going to tell her that I left her Oh now Stay
Ah no you stay on guard it was like
a Guard man come on It's that
I really hallucinate I feel it and
then I'll Shameless no Shameless
the one who endures that and swallows for four
filthy euros to me Shameless is the one
who endures that  and swallows for four
lousy euros an absurd thing that in
life she would have been your friend if that
lady didn't have money she would
never have been your friend eh Thank you so much
Mara Jos just for your bizu a lot
exactly but it's absurd to
think otherwise eh I mean it's more than
obvious that Peppa is going to become friends with
Loli and she looks for her not because she likes her
or
anything obviously but because she sees the
wallet Thank you beautiful Thank you so much
beautiful Yes yes Javi is like the
wild card all Javi but girl how
shameless you are to put up with that she wasn't
a friend nor was it it was on equal terms look it was
something that came from the heart to
say Hey it's that I love her I like her she's nice to me
Although later you can fight
with someone because you can like a person
and then Oy well There's a
misunderstanding and it ends badly but at that
moment it's natural Hey well I like her I have
fun chat ramos over here No no it's
that there was nothing it was all fake and
all lies If this lady hadn't
had money let's go this wouldn't have happened
spoken in her life in her life they had
spoken to her they had spoken to her about greeting her
here Hello Loli goodbye very good
my goodness really
really normal that I called her while she was
eating seafood those prawns her face
crying with
laughter wait a moment I have to put
a tit another t to the kids okay with some
salt
and
yeah but not to you Peppa is
now taking her own medicine face smiling
with cold sweat face throwing a
kiss you know that one about karma look I don't
believe in those things but I think that no Of
course I think these are not things of
karma and things like that I think they are
consequences of your actions Noa they are
consequences I
mean causality
not a kiss Sarita Thank you very much how
beautiful you are
Sara Of course but it's like
perfect karma you know how what she has
cooked you know how take take
remember gindy no
Remember alne no when she told
your friend because you heated her up
telling her that she was crushing her Ah they
are not telling you anything Peppa what have they
told you [ __ ] What did he tell you [ __ ] that you
pay him  the one who
pays the lawyer with sex
Well that's what he said to LINE every
weekend and live about you too there are those
kinds of insults towards me towards Tesa
towards everyone of course well Okay now what's
happening is he saying it to you
well ugh exactly exactly because
up until that moment well he called through the
channels but a half normal lady
who gave a lot of money but well I had
seen some small attempts but
very little very little not from when we started
being with with that was when
the shows started the rise In
any case the raving the start
throwing at everyone man
please yes yes anyone carries the
opposite counter Well it doesn't matter to me you know
that it's been a long time you don't care now that she's
thrown you out of her circle you don't care
now that she's given you the potato
twice also not once twice Now
when it doesn't matter to you but you haven't had what it takes
to say look
Loli this far We've arrived it's over Come on
goodbye very good beautiful and Say whatever
you want about me you haven't had it it's
been her that had to push you
away from her
side  [ __ ] espu Good thing I
have my
luare on top of everything eh Good thing I
have my luare on top of
everything because I had left the
most important thing in the tweet that I just
posted
let's say what would I do without my places and without
all of my team
eh I put the text very nice and I didn't
put the
click
buah this is going to go
viral this is going to go viral
luare twice more not once twice
now you remember
a lot of things come to me now it's that there are so many things
like from these people what we do are
reactions no and seeing them here live
but imagine a good video of these
people main channel it's that so
many things come to mind man so
many memories Look I'm going to tell you
One Okay I'm going to tell you a memory a
silly memory okay does it sound
familiar to you
when suddenly they were supposed to be
talking to us they
appeared little by little together they didn't
appear all at once but little by little and
suddenly one day they both had the same
microphone
Yeah yeah anyone contradicts her
Well I don't care eh you know it's been a
long time you  Maybe now that she's
thrown you out of her circle you don't care
now that she's kicked you
twice, not once or twice Now
when it hits you the same let's see, have
we ever talked about
open relationships? Oh peepa Oh Peppa Oh Peppa Oh
Peppa open relationships the melon that
Peppa is opening oh my I hadn't
seen this I had stayed there
because of course I hadn't had more time
the melon that Peppa is opening I mean
open relationships God come on Loli I
mean Loli is going to be the fury of the titan
damn Loli tomorrow kid I'm about to
turn on the notifications
take my word for it
we'll watch it here I think
tomorrow I'm going to tell the boys if they
want to come over and do Huddle together at
night but with a
bun but with a
bun
Loli is going to be in a bun Loli must be
destroying The Mansion right now
not a tornado manes nobody has seen it
per
destroyed oh my god What are you
saying Peppa but Peppa what are you
saying
girl open relationships we've only
heard say
alashi car Hey since Carmen is
becoming the best creator of
content of the heart She is leaving us
all naked eh let's talk about it
No, we all have assumed that here if it
weren't mine then they would live it the
same I imagine come on we continue V okay okay okay okay okay
What happens is that I can't
read well because the glasses No I haven't
taken the good ones come on Alfonso what's that
[ __ ] is don't interrupt they are
criticizing that some thugs take out the
Private life of a
YouTube
no Uy uy we haven't seen that what
Peppa is going to get tomorrow rolv face
rolling
laugh laughter 20 super chat we are with
the objective eh 20 family that we are going to
reach the goal of 30 you are setting
the bar very high you know it I don't finish
watching the live tomorrow good night to
all A kiss Noa leave us a
comment when you are watching them in
deferred eye that we can reach 30
that we are going to complete the challenge without having
Loli here without needing Loli
really no  I can do it And the same thing they
criticize, they bring out the Private Life of another
youtuber and it doesn't seem bad to them
Oh, a round of applause for Peppa, let's bring her back,
listen, I only upload to the Corrillo if
Carmen uploads it no no no no tomorrow there will be a Corrillo
if Carmen wants if not, I will do another
Corrillo without Carmen, I won't do anything else, but
come on, I'll pass 3 kg of doing another Corrillo
without Carmen, eh, I mean, the queen of the
Corrillo is Carmen, I'll get off so you can
listen to Peppa, eh I'll get off so you can
listen to Peppa, eh pay attention, pay
attention and pay attention and I want you to
bring out the Private Life of another youtuber and it
doesn't seem bad to them, the same as a youtuber,
the Private Life of a some thugs
bring out the Private Life of a youtuber and the same thing they
criticize, they bring out the
Private Life of another youtuber and it doesn't seem
bad to them. There it is very good, very good, Peppa, you got it, you
got what we say, you
got it very
well, you got it Peppa, look, look at the little face she
's making  Peppa you
got her Peppa Of course privacy doesn't
matter a [ __ ]
about Tania
nobody cared a
[ __ ] [ __ ] about Tania's privacy if
instead of something private she had come out
well that private wasn't and now we
talk no but if instead of her life it had been about
her clothes they would have said
how ugly to mess with people's clothes they
always have a but to
justify everything that is against
Javi Oliveira privacy didn't
matter a [ __ ] to any of them they made
that campaign and That pair as always with
everything with everything that is against
Javil Beira they are going to support him in any way
you can trust how disgusting what was
supported eh how disgusting what was supported at that
moment eh I don't know if even worse than
supporting Loli with the Loli thing how
disgusting Eh Well of course they didn't care about
privacy of course Ah yes trust you
how was it that instantly
the privacy thing was dismantled
instantly instantly the thing
that they cared about privacy was dismantled
makes Loli talk about Peppa's private things
Fu Fu fum be quiet everyone be
quiet everyone of
course how disgusting how disgusting that we're
talking about something from
Tania's private life how disgusting how disgusting all of
them how disgusting for us okay clo
Aha let's tell it to the
eh tell it to the boss
but not to me a kiss racel a sasc Cat
for Peppa I can't help it I can't
help it what a video with racel tomorrow
no what a video with racel tomorrow don't
listen to me 21 of 30 we are nine super
chat away from completing the challenge and giving
Peppa a sasca who was telling us
that we needed her
friend Loli's money But why do they wear their
glasses like that for p as Oh how So I
can't even put them on thank you so much
lolailo a kiss But why do they wear their
glasses like that Why does she wear them like that oh how is that so I ca
n't even put them on
Thank you so much What did she choose Of course She could have stayed
calm didn't she
made elzo they worked it first she
worked it and then when the other
saw the other saw the business he also
worked it and between the two of them they worked it
when they divided it all between the
two of them and the other another channel that does a
live TR four hours when and he
works it and that's it and they put up with things
that they wouldn't have put up with from another
normal lady impertinence that commanded
the channel to go up there and say
things that they put you
Ah well it doesn't sound like Anne Sorry
Ah watch wait It's just that he did
n't zone out let's go
Wait for him to go No I don't know Why doesn't he
notify me about that already
wait Ah look I have the session
closed less more than my alne is
also me that alne it's that it has me
more abandoned you know It's not as much it's not
as my alne as before
Eh well no
alanne well no well no
alne tell him
no tell him no because
apparently there were people who
were sending me visas but they haven't
arrived here eh Let's see if he gets it  you have
sent Carmen that the phone is
on the screen that would be great but
meanwhile let's see if you V make a mistake and
V send it to a
geek be
careful the live broadcasts in yellow and everything
because it was allowed to her for
her man we're going to reach 30 I'm
freaking out I'm freaking out kisses the sei cousin for what
brings us here playing like a
chess board and for what some
channels have argued with others and such
And the thing is that I and Peppa got
along kind of not well either it's not that I have not
been friends with Peppa nor have we
ever spoken in private Peppa has never entered my
channel Angel yes Angel entered
twice man I have been Peppa's colleagues
to the point that I have met her in
person eh watch eh it seems you
know says what I'm missing in this
matter
no no no no Russell you don't know you do
n't know then I'll tell you then I'll explain it to you Russell then I'll explain it to you It's not like when I went to the farm do you remember no when I went to the farm that famous one not there in  cadis I called the p
to pick me up and everything so that she would
accompany me damn
my poor thing it
wasn't like that half normal until already of
course as such the other one with the thing of
the fusia tide until one day began that
if the fusi that if I don't know how much
Because what you support are Just like some kind of
strange and weird move ital man
aunt but no how does it feel to be
right almost always How that almost always
salom how I haven't been
Surely I was right
with the
well seen what has been seen that everything is working out
no and everything is turning around and
always In the end you gave him back the
umbrella no the umbrella I threw it away the day that
the day that one day that the day that I met
with the lne I threw it away because it gave us a hard time It
gave us a hard time we were going with the umbrella in
the car and it gave us a hard time we
threw it away watch us we arrived eh but not to
where they have that for the pppa you are
loved 240 times it's thanks to you
deor
Ah because the lady was what she asked for the
lady didn't consent that Pepa at
that moment that  Pepa got along
with a channel that supported the opposite of what
she did when
Antonio David was there, which was all Antonio David and that's
it, and because of her she has argued with
other channels and because of her we fight with
each other and because of her many things, because of
her everything, everything comes from Loli everything, everything,
everything, the way things are today, let's
see, the blame also lies with some
things, no, but mainly the first thing
is, of course, the first thing is Loli,
Loli appearing in our lives has broken
everything, she has broken all the good vibes that
there were and the good things that there were, you know, I
mean, first things first, we leave
the curse on whoever
found it, that's how it has given us
content to the channels. Well, also that
we do to her too, well,
because Loli's content is not
talking about the stock market, it is talking about
what we talk about, we are at peace,
everyone talking about the same thing, but you
have looked the other way, you have
fought with people, you have put down
people who you should not put down
because they had done nothing, all for this
lady and the same thing that has happened to you will
happen in a few months to these people who  They're
keeping quiet now and looking the other
way, of course the same thing is going to happen to them,
everything they're
doing to them now is going to happen to them, when
when she changes her tune and
gives her one of those airs that she gives her, well,
the tortilla will turn and she will start
attacking them, the one that now covers up and
we're with you, Tania will put her on, you'll see
that we're going to find out about everything, bu I don't know if Tania is going to cover up eh u of course the
other day she said no about Tania, all her support but of course she knows she already said before
when she threatened her what she really thinks about your support is that you trust her eh how they are, like ...  that I'm really pissed off at all these
people J that they're
all the same And there are many of them they're all the
same and they're the
same when
Loli threatened
Tania Okay when Loli threatened Tania
Loli what she was saying was that Tania had
a
terrible life, that she didn't keep her house clean and she
threatened to tell her about it now
then when we're talking about it
once it's out because
we didn't bring it out either but we
talked about it once it's out okay there
then
Tania's privacy Pepa is essentially bad and trila
Pepa is very bad Pepa is a very bad
person and this is what happens when you're
friends with someone for four filthy euros Well
listen everyone knows what's worth to them
in life of course this is like a
bet apu sometimes you win sometimes you
lose well what you've won money
in the long run that well you haven't lost
anything he's won money and that's it I think so I think he's gotten
together with
Loli he's probably taken a path that he'll
regret if he doesn't regret it already
eh eh
for many things  damn for many
things that could have been today in
another way and it
was a very shameless thing I
mean I understand that when there is a good
contributor on the channels okay you have to I
mean I took care of Loli not when
Loli came in and made those donations
suddenly a visa of 300 suddenly
three super chat suddenly you know [ __ ] well it was her
turn to Las Palmas they danced for her
not like that nonsense you treated her well
her birthday arrived that you
know I mean her birthday arrived of course
but one thing is one thing and another thing
is such I mean with Loli the
situation was seen from the first moment that
Lio here the situation was seen so one
thing is that you don't get involved okay that
you don't get involved in the problem that
Loli had with another channel or whatever
okay but already support her You are seeing that she
is a lady who suddenly is all
day Calling Javi an abuser
Anne
eh I think that in the long run I mean yes she can
be a person who contributes a lot to you all that
stuff no but to the  a few months
I think you realize that maybe you
were somewhere
better and whoever says no is
simply because they don't recognize the
mistakes but
Peppa will
surely think about it I mean if she is she is about to say she is
about to say that she is about to say
that Loli didn't
have cancer if she doesn't finish saying it
but she is going to say it what happens is that
Peppa is going to say that
Loli doesn't have cancer
but since she is not a doctor she
believed her that is what she is going to say to Peppa that is what she is going to
say to Peppa
save this click Salom you are going to tell me
on Twitter you are going to take the
click off me when I say it you take it off me on
Twitter Salom the click is going to get Peppa
what she is going to say is that Loli obviously didn't have
cancer but that she no longer
knew it how is she going to know that
she believed her friend that she loved so much
because you have never had a
true friendship with her I mean losing has not
lost anything either now she is giving you a hard time well then
when she was giving us a hard
time and  you were
clapping and then it will happen to the other one and
the other one will happen to him and it will happen to him from there, across the
pond and it will happen to
everyone who is by her side because she
is already like that, already cyclothymic, as it happens to her you have to
pay absolute attention to her as soon as she sees
that you are paying attention to someone else she will get
jealous and give you a hard time and what
will happen but come on the answer to this
pppa I suppose that it will
be the answer to This is going to be
tremendous if the pills maybe
she didn't take them herself
someone else in her house gave them to her the answer to This is
going to be tremendous you know no
the answer to This is going to be a bomb
tomorrow they haven't released audios of Pepa in
a private group it's that man man and
none of those who are
filling their mouths with private matters
what's going on that only this is worth only for
Tania Of course, those who are
filling their mouths with private matters
none of them have broken a lance in favor of
Pepa to say Hey but not me, I have to have
melons missing to open a topic I think there are
things left to tell yes Salom I
think  that there is some I think there is
some I
think there is
some it seems Yes it came to me eh
but but already one thing that happened to me
something came to me what happens is that I
can't talk about things if I don't have them
tied up okay obviously if I had them
tied up I would tell it eh Because I don't owe
anything to anyone but something came to me
okay that I can't tell because I don't have it
tied up you understand But
something came to me that wasn't direct
Ho I'll let it fall she's preparing the bed
exactly but if they are very
predictable they are very
[Music]
predictable for Peppa I love you Javi a
kiss a kiss
gorgeous tomorrow Loli lets fire out of
her little mouth
Spanish wow what's going on
tomorrow tomorrow Loli lets fire out of her
little mouth tomorrow won't be any
nonsense
eh tomorrow will be complete madness Eh
well don't tell anything ask for likes no Ana
but if it's not about asking for likes it's about
you telling something like that eh You
have to have it tied up or rather and I don't
have it tied up or rather I believe it eh or rather
sincerely  what they told me I
believe it but I don't I can't tell it like that
because if
not what is being said to Peppa is
nonsense you can't say those things
about Peppa man nothing nothing if I had
said that Pepa went to the lawyer Well they would have
called me everything what a shame Look
how it is what an outrage This girl should
be somewhere she tells this
and everyone whistling nothing nothing as if
nothing had happened but it was the
same thing they did when she was their
friend of course Peppa has experience in that
because it was the same thing she did says
Peppa said that she did Look what came out
of Tania that it was to take and
break away from Tania and far from Far from
breaking away from Tania poor Tania
all with you
Tania that was her hair Jai it was her hair it
was her hair but Look at her you wretch maybe
if Loli didn't put the wig on you for fun
it was because of what she was going through but
Loli doesn't wear a wig at any
time what the [ __ ] wig
[Laughter]
that has its roots from  four
fingers gray hair gray hair what wig since when do
wigs have four fingers gray hair It's that
I really and They continue with the
same thing I get sick what wig that was
her hair that had like four
fingers gray Jo Tell me
something looking for a film director to
make the movie with all this that I believe I
think that everything is impossible Whether
now we wanted to do imagine a
video on the main channel with everything
well
woven that is a video of hours and
hours and
hours a video of hours and hours and
hours Lu dyed it when she started
appearing on camera watch out there's a super
chat missing to complete the challenge I'm freaking out with
my
gentlemen she's having a
gentlemen we have set the challenge of 30
and the challenge of 30 is completed super
chat and that's it eh And that's it
God well I imagine that
being in her life Well she wouldn't want it
either what she the life she had I don't care
in the pool and with there with
the employees and all her stuff and she came out
with the first time she came out with
four fingers of white roots  what wig
what wig are they going to sell you with four
fingers of white roots man please that's
enough but apart from what cancers has Loli had damn at this moment that interests you Loli had cancer it's not that she was wearing a very ugly bikini it's that at that
moment she had
cancer challenge overcome family challenge
overcome family qu Grand overcome
we arrived without dirty money without
dirty money ole ole come on Cersei ole
come on Cersei How
great How great is this community Yes
sir How great
Loli Yes yes I'm here I'm here How
great How great are my
gentlemen what wig not a lock a
root is like this four fingers of root
Blanca wore when she went out with Pepe
Santos like this a huge root Blanca like this
long hair Brown and a root that
big what wig and then once she
came out with a ponytail of course
back let's see wait I'm going to look Chari I'll
read you wait but it's not that to me
Chari you seem to me that you're
messing around today eh who knows what you're messing around
today
Chari What are you
doing What have you
done Chari has
done I can't say it No well of course
wait I'm going to
read it but Chiqui
now
[Music]
Oh for the 50 challenge Chari Thank you very much
Chari has made a bison Chari there
was no need for so many men if here we have
the 30 challenge super chacito 5 euros
each man
Thank you very much sweetheart [ __ ] wow wow
community wow community family and now
what Like with hair full of m Well you
know that of course what was seen was
if you put it like that it was all gray hair because it
has many many gray hairs what a wig wig
that you have missed the
wig what happened I don't know the wig but
my ig has hair cto meda
comes to be
vi
Paco will be stupid the guy will be stupid not
stupid You want her stupid are you he
's calling me stupid because I don't realize
because I don't know that
Loli had a wig when what she
had are extensions no
family that you are older than a
forest and Loli has fooled you by all
the square well she didn't fool you
that you made the fool for the fool You what
are you telling us teado teado
with the disease  teado with the money
that teado with husband who cheated on life
Hey but look Antonia Dolores Antonia
Dolores and Fuente how she hesitates eh says
now you go to the kids and you break it
Well you know what maybe if I go for a
while to the kids because we
created something yesterday I'm going to tell you
so you guys know okay but I
think that the lordship No it's not much of
this eh But well Let's never underestimate
the lordship because you know it can
surprise No if you go to my
Twitter account okay You'll see that
something new comes out here
communities and it's called the salsera
okay we could make another one of telesalseo they
told me yesterday they told me yesterday
The kids but I see it better that
we have one for everyone okay And then
here this is a community this as
if it were a WhatsApp group a
salsera group the gentlemen do you remember not
part of the gentlemen I mean I
see that this is to unify
everything eh I mean the whole community in
one okay And here they are  putting up videos
messing
with me What's up look here I'm
partying with Loli Look what's up my
kids My kids good eh I'm
here having a drink here in a p
with my friends Look at a drink Okay there
And where's the
p Where's the p Where's the pay where are they where are
my friends
where are they that I can't see them where are they that I can't
see them I don't know if look look
look what they're doing to me man I mean
I don't know if this was a good idea to
create it eh Look look look look at the obsession you
kids have Look at the obsession you
kids have look what they
do the memes they make Look Javi
Oliveira okay There playing in the
pool not there so he doesn't drown and
taking care of his
lords well the channel is not there he's
drowning because he's leaving it a little
aside the kids completely sunk
at the bottom of the let's go at the bottom of the
sea of the pipes no of the pipe no
and and tremendous Look look look what they
do to me all to get together with  you guys, I mean,
I don't know if I don't know if it would have been a good idea to have
created that, then maybe I'll
stop by there for a bit to go
over with the kids how they've
behaved. But anyway, if you want to come in, you
can come in, it's free. eh, that he was carrying
and that he's even cheated on you with your
friendship. Well, you're the biggest fool here. The
only one who proves that you're a complete
fool is you because you're old
and you have a lot of life. I'm not talking about
age because I'm 50,
I'm not a kid and I still have a
lot of years. Carmen is 50. Carmen is
50 years old, well, that's
okay, eh, Carmen, no, no, no, but I'm not saying it
because she's my friend,
eh, but she's kept very well.
Yesterday we saw you for two hours copying
purple squares. And today you don't want to open
the salsera, let's see, but the issues
are the issues, it's that I'm not in charge, send
[ __ ], the salsera sends [ __ ]. So,
complaining to him, when he tells me to
record a video for the principal, he records I do
n't know what and when he doesn't tell me V, go [ __ ] yourself
and  I'm going for you, I
gave him 45 Yes, yes, I thought he had,
maybe a few more than me,
but please, silly. You, silly. You, who
has conned you, I don't know how much cancer, from here to
there, up and
down, they've conned you with everything, according to you, eh, I
say from what you're telling us,
that you have believed everything so innocently,
you have believed everything, well, silly. You, of course, it
's true. Oh, how about, of
course, to see them later, calm down,
mine, to see you, I can't take it anymore with this
being that the flight, everyone is right, eh,
in everything, eh, better in everything. No, maybe there are
things that you slyly get used to
doing. Civil is the word that I
learned. LoL. Civil. This Javi,
also reacting to Loli's video
that talks about me, naturally, you have
deceived us all. You are a liar and you have
deceived us. And what? And what? All of us, what have I
deceived you about? What have I deceived you about? What have I
deceived you about if my life is like this?
Have these people looked for everything, everything,
absolutely everything, and I haven't found it?
nothing nothing more than you tell me about the
24 the 240 they will have searched nothing more nothing
more about the 240 nothing more eh a
silly thing without importance but gosh
being a public person as I have
always been they will have searched for everything what have I
lied about you are the one who has lied you
have invented a life of yours and I hope
that you have not invented something else
because then it would
explode what is this
family What is this
family attentive I repeat that it has caught you
distracted attentive they will have searched being
a public person as I have always been they
will have searched for everything what have I lied about you
are the one who has lied you have
invented a life of yours and I hope that
you have not invented something else because
then it would be enough to
explode there you have it If you did not have
any doubts on that subject that is a subject that is
not touched it is a health subject it is a
subject [ __ ] as if suddenly he tells me To
me that I have invented that I have the cron
why did I invent that what subject what
subject debate would that be no Of course What
happens is that you know that it is a
topic How do you say trials when
controversial it's not a controversial topic
Clear clear
There she goes clear esp clear Espe
pppa say it without fear well of course Lili she's
scared but come on I've already
told you click save it save it
because it's going to be this week next week
or the next one okay but save it eh go What's she
going to say is that she believed her if she's already
saying it what she's going to say is
that she believed her that's what she's going to
say that she believed her that we have to see
that the other one fooled her and
if you Peppa climbs it's that of course me
saying these things of course maybe I
had thrown her back and she's not going to
dare to say it anymore okay But climb if you
're seeing strange things if you are if
you saw
strange things and it sounded strange to you when she told you
that she had a chain of hotels and didn't
want to give the bald guy a job you did
n't see strange things when she told you that she had a
lung operation and got a
breast it's not going to work Peppa is not going to see don't
do it Peppa because it's not going to work if it doesn't
matter  Peppa if I already know that you
know why are you going to throw it in her face
Peppa why are you going to bring it up if
not if I already know that you know if I already
know that you have defended him oos habis Rio
from Pilar's cancer eh yes I already know everything
Pepa if it doesn't matter that you go now
collecting speak little by little and go
swerving in the roundabout if it doesn't
matter pppa if I already know yes I already know
that you have gone along with this
woman for the money and until the end what are you
going to take now and are you going to say that what u
what a surprise now you have suddenly
realized have you realized that
cancer could have been invented come on Peppa
and take a
walk go and take a walk What's up Cat
viru what's up go
and take a walk Peppa Of course you
know that he made it up and you
have helped him to invent it so that he throw us away so that he will
use it to throw it away like Oh
how bad they are that they are messing with
a woman with
cancer of course [ __ ] Javi How could you not
love
gentlemen stunned listening to you right
man Why do you always listen to me but I don't
understand why people see me that is
something I will never understand But well here
we are eye
and challenge overcome of 300 Uy 300 challenge
overcome of 30 super chat
eh challenge overcome of 30 super chat eh
if I take ch to the gentlemen of 50
careful they will do it to me
Eh careful and she will do it to me eh let's eat let's eat a
warm Christmas meal you don't
feed look at
them eat them I look at taking food from
others Loli it's that you say so many
outrageous things you just look what you can
scrape I have here when I'm older I also have to
spend look today very good
LoL today very good
Loli vos contol as above
seen in the kitchen the stove said that it
was the part of the employees that
she
comes out as I do
n't know if she put
someone else's video it's not Javi her teacher
her new Ally eh her new Ally but
with all this Look Javi  the face he makes
because Jael wants
people to think in some way that
I'm allied with him now we talk or something like that
but what is he
saying but what is this lady saying she's
smoked the ass what the hell is
this woman saying look at the face
Javi makes that somehow Javi
wants people to think that
we're allies I would love Peppa I would
love it so much really I don't know
how I don't know how you read my
mind that way okay but yes yes
I would love it I would love it so much that
people would think that we were
allies allies
allies eh be careful then they
interpret it however you
want
eh I couldn't talk to a
man like I don't talk to Antonio from
AR de Troya what does he say about me that I'm
sexually with him Because he's scared of me
because I'm having a birthday party dedicated to him
I haven't said that he sexually harassed me
that's something that she and her
son made up okay eh Well I think that I think
that to play the victim and all that
nonsense no I have said that he
harassed me it has already been  calmed down a little the
truth But the attitude he had was
pure pure pure stalker or rather pure
harassment but not sexual I said it I corrected it I
reacted and and it is the and it is the truth and there is
harassment or rather it is non-
sexual harassment harassment that does not seem like a small thing to me no
because it seems that well it has to
be sexual for it to be serious no no no
harassment there is an insult every
day insulting my wife insulting my
physique my hair my fact my the other you know
harassment yes there is that I keep that to you
but I already told him to sue that I
keep it in the game and I tell him
not played okay harassment Of course there is
harassment Of course not anymore Now it seems that he has
calmed down I don't know if it is because he was
ashamed in the end I don't know I don't know what the hell
would make him stop but now it seems that he
has calmed down no and he can
sass about it calmly because now yes Hey if
I have to say something about Peppa or he sees
something about Peppa I will see it if she has
to see something where I am talking about
her of course she has to see it  of
course but what she was doing was a
Dora thing or rather what she was doing It was about
a person who wasn't paying
attention to her and who wasn't talking about
her or looking at her and a birthday party
with balloons So it's tremendous
per Jorge Hello Javi good afternoon How
nice to be able to meet you live
greetings you are very much loved By the way I was a little
surprised by the thumbnail of the last
V of the main Channel we have been a little
naughty Jorge But well that is what it is
about I also tell you in the end it is not I do not
think it is a montage because I
asked Sia a montage and she told me
no that it was a photo of her let's see it is a
girl who uploads that content Halloween
itself uploads a photo that was more visible
than the one I have put the thumbnail
obviously because the thumbnail I cannot
put something that goes against the rules
but the intention was to cause a stir
which by the way I have seen that the video is not
working very well but the
intention is to cause no the
thumbnail you know anyway we have gone a
bit we have
not gone a bit not so many
barbarities that she has said about me to m Ja
olira It gives me a lot  disgusting as much as you as
you Oh worth as much as you what
happens is that of course it comes in handy so
that other people can think that I'm
talking to him here you know what's going on
Peppa that now what has to
give you cloth cloth cloth cloth of rage is that you
're seeing that in everything everything everything everything I have
been right you know in everything in
everything in everything I have been right Peppa
everything come on you know this You from
day one what for have you been playing
with people using Loli
talking to everyone who fights
with me a stalker a stalker and
now what is happening to you
because you are suffering your flesh
Loli what you did with Loli
another one came smarter than you who is the
ar of Troy and he is
turning it against you because the ar of
Troy has to be in private with
Loli
turning it on him but come on I ca
n't even pretend if I get an idea
and he will be turning it on him that he has to
do that let's go tremendous And
then what happens because now you are
suffering you
screw yourself you screw yourself
crocodile it gives me  maybe
anyone will smell they tell me not to
feed the lenas lenas you are all
all I am one good and another thing I am going to
say they
are all very
scandalized because Javi brings up or
Roberto macarra I don't know who
brought it up say it the subject of T's couple I was not
going to talk about the subject and I am going to continue in
my line say it but everyone is very
scandalized that third parties
today such today third parties Ho Ho that
has nothing to do with
this and now what are they
bringing up things they are saying things they
are making things up getting away where are
the strings Where are the seven
direct at night scandalizing
your privacy Peppa there are no right [ __ ]
you crocodile [ __ ] you
crocodile Of course Why Peppa you know
why Pepa there are no five direct at
night
scandalizing not even putting the title
aunt with Peppa Beltrn you know why
Because empathy for
anyone has never mattered
anyone's privacy has never mattered what has mattered is the
war against the gindi that is what has
mattered and the envy and the rage and the
jealousy and the  resentment is also worth it because
maybe anything is worth it And that's what
mattered that's what mattered
Tania had to be defended from something
disgusting, she had to be defended from
something, let's say, I'm like And that's in
private, I spoke to her in private
when the night we found out and I was
telling her I think they're going to
disassociate themselves here I think this is
too much here it's
even stronger than what happened with Loli fte what I'm
telling you I think they're going to
disassociate themselves here And no one's going to come out to
support her I don't know a damn thing It's that I am I'm
innocent I'm stupid I don't know what I am
a
damn thing a damn thing what's
going on because Tania is
a girl who insults me she defames me she
does everything to me and camic case because she's
very stupid you know and she didn't care if the
lawsuit is won if the complaint is won if I
know if she throws whatever on the channel
Look where she's gotten herself into What need,
having something like that, putting you in the
ass with some nonsense about a
civil sentence that I already told you  I swear seeing
how things are going slowly slowly
slowly and the laziness that comes from ordering
anyone V it seems to me that he has
bu if he never never knows that ass has to be
pruned But you see he is my king a
kiss
poera I think that when he gets to be when his comes
and I think
that I am not going to file any more lawsuits against I don't
know who it is someone because it will piss me off
or it will get me very tired that it will
exhaust me very much because it is it is
tremendous I mean filing a lawsuit and that you
can have the trial in two years
three and that Well then the then I
don't know then I don't know it's tremendous
risking that it doesn't work out eh
Because when you sue Well they
can catch you Ju can estimate fabric or
it can be dismissed because he says it's that
you are a public figure [ __ ] it you
know when you give the bomb of Antonio vi
because we already saw this the bomb ant is
a bomb that he gave now we're going
to see it now we're going to see it also don't
forget I have two or three issues of the
heart Also here and this is already fed up with hypocrites fed up with
hypocrites let's see if
you have any like him And now I'm going to
mention anarchy the other the other let's see
tell LoL what a [ __ ] she
is now I'm going to mention you and no
one mentions anarchy Alexis Alexis Alexis
has She has her thing eh I'll tell you
things about Alexis She has her thing Alexis
e Ah they sent me something but I'm
not going to release it yet okay I'll
tell you but come on Yes yes it is it's a Random it's
a tter [ __ ] what hair tomorrow I'm going to go get a
shave with the boy tomorrow me and my
boyfriend we're going to get a shave the two of us I'm going to get a
shave I'm going to get a classic shave I
feel like putting a line on the side
shave another innkeeper I don't know but what a
big wig or not okay Ah no so as not to
feed the hyena of course exactly so
suck my titilla everyone because I do
n't even need Twitter no
need for this one or the other  neither the one on the
motorcycle nor I come nor I go nor the troll nor
Tania nor anything I am enough for myself as I have
always been enough for my entire life Oh
[ __ ] you've been left alone Monica
Cabrera yes I
like that no one has supported you of course
and now say it Peppa what you have
only lacked there is to say it Why hasn't
anyone come out to support you your
privacy because your
privacy just like Tania's doesn't
matter a [ __ ] [ __ ] I mean if
Tania had brought up Loli's privacy after she
threatened the privacy that
Tania herself brought up We've already talked about it
but when we talk about
Tania's privacy you understand me no If
Loli had brought that up either No one
would have said anything
eh they were scandalized with
Tania's privacy because it was
Roberto who brought it up and and I commented on it
in a I made a thread no obviously as it
corresponded to me after all the
thing suffered for Tania
Of course but say it Peppa be you have lacked to
say Why Why not Why have
n't they come out to support you Well because it does
n't matter  the [ __ ]
[ __ ] because the issue was not
Tania's privacy the issue was
Javi it was about
revenge I said it from the first day
the issue of Tania for example that I did not
think it was right that this subject was brought up
like Jav Oliveira brought it up out of revenge
now I have to say that I will always be the
victim with your
ball say it Peppa say it
on the side that is right
Peppa on
the side that is right
Peppa and also let's not forget that it was
Loli first who stopped falling something about
Tania Well you see there they are there they are
like until it came out I had no
idea
eh in Mallorca of of guardese that I don't
need your money that I have never
needed your money or I have found a
job in Mallorca of guardese and I don't know
if I saw myself there the chalet has a pool it
has everything now what I have to
look for is a partner Normally they are given to
married couples to guard the chalets
of the Germans of the Dutch yes foreigners
very foreigners very but a
lot of foreigners let's go very very very
foreigners told me Marilo  to Rome this
morning if she wanted to come with me we'll
both go Oh mica Cabrera it's true what she
says mandarin Pepa I'm going to
South practice every morning of course the open back
the month of December is a very bad
month bu then We hope that
summer comes no But there are people who guard them They
take care of the house all year round when
the owners come Then they have everything
ready for her Now it seems to me that I'm going to be
able to
say whatever comes out
good Well then we'll see
Loli's reaction to this tomorrow that it's going to be very
sailor fabric eh very sailor fabric I
wanted to comment I also wanted to take out
another extract left over from Troy okay
because she has done Well I've already told you
Carmen and I think it's no secret
okay she has become she has
completely taken our place from anyone who has
been here longer Carmen has
become the best creator of
content of the heart we are not
sure not indiscreet now we are going to watch a
video that teleindiscreta has made sobar
de Troya but I wanted to tell you about this
tweet okay I mean eh have you noticed how stupid
the head knee is Okay and And
surely there will even be  Something broke
inside Coco when he put this
tit It turns out that the other day by the
way Ruben called me today worried
Ruben gifer man they are canceling you they
are trying to deceive you because you
came to help us I don't know what I know how much
man [ __ ] how disgusting don't pay attention to
people don't let it affect you we are
super grateful Ruben guber okay
calm down Ruben this thing, there is
nothing that can hurt me now I think there are few
things that can hurt me at
this point unfortunately Well
this is one of the nonsense that they
started putting out that the
screenshot the message that I put not in the
video that I also put on
Instagram and so on not from a follower
asking me Hey you have to come to
Valencia you have to give us a voice I don't know what I don't
know how much it's worth And then stalkers
like this no Wilson no the stalkers
practically started saying that it
was a fake capture that this would be a
fake capture that I sent to myself why Well
because it appears on the
right side and and because it is a
first person capture no  and they have to
talk without knowing and talk the first time
no eh without uncle You have to be more careful not to
be so stupid no and that your
anxiety is seen and to be so stupid no Total
what I put here really how lazy it is that it
makes me lazy to have to be
denying Every nonsense okay And well what I
do here is show my inbox
okay from Twitter
okay
where I get this message and this
message is that the girl sent me the
screenshot she
the girl this girl Mimi sends me she
okay I sent you this message on
Instagram and I don't know if you have seen it and and the girl
sends it to me instead of copying and pasting what she
did was send me the screenshot okay
Total what I put Really how lazy and I
put the screenshot as if denying that there are
some who gave themselves to ask for
forgiveness okay here look here is the girl I
sent her the message on Instagram and since it
seemed that she hadn't read me I told her
[Music] I
told her the same thing on Twitter Who would
think that that is fake the
bad ones The bad ones to those who are in
terrible okay And the Art  of Troy This is
already being stupid, I mean this is already being
stupid no but look, I'm more stupid
than anyone it's worth the ar of Troy at
least instead of keeping quiet no and saying
Well look in the end what was
said was not it don't
put the capture No it's not that Mimi it's
not the usual Mimi put the
capture I put the
capture and he goes and puts this tet quoting
my tweet
look at the neurons and the iq they have
okay Javier oliveira youtuber Met
[ __ ] resident in some hamlet of
Seville I don't live in a hamlet of
Seville This was said by Diego
arrabal Diego arrabal does not have my
address Diego arrabal has put an
address that was mine okay but I'm not
going to refute whether it was mine or it wasn't mine or
if he is or he doesn't want the trial in
Seville we can do it in Seville Diego without
any problem if it is that it makes no difference to me
the trial is the same okay but
I don't live in a hamlet it's that you go around
saying things between each other and
you get along and you  you go and you start
making a mess yourselves Okay
and believing each other okay that's the
worst okay it sends itself or rather having put
the screenshot
the head knee this a kiss
Pili having put the screenshot that
Mimi is sending it to me
the
idiot the idiot puts a tweet and says it
sent itself to justify his trip to
Valencia and wash his already damaged
public image where have I damaged my public
image head
knee where have I damaged my
public image you are a very small circle of
frustrated and sad people those of you who
support each other are very small
look what's down here 2 2600
people see me reacting to
your [ __ ] And you When you're
doing all this [ __ ] fighting
with each other and throwing
[ __ ] at me and dedicating your life to me Okay then
yes you have 400 500 600 that are mine that
go in there to see what you say about
me already tried the pppa try the pppa
life without Javi  oliveira 80 viewers
60 100 Okay, what an
image damaged by things you guys do,
okay, maybe by other people who
have tried to damage it, well we would have to
discuss it, no, but of course,
the image itself is damaged, do you think it was
really burning because you don't believe it? That's why you
're so frustrated that it damages my
image to have a sentence for insults
with what we're going to see now from you or that it
damages my image that I'm leaving
does a good job and you're
also here, you also think it's wrong that I'm
going to Valencia and you've tried to say
that if you vote for them, yes this, yes that.
Look at the comments on the video,
all the comments on the report are
like this,
look, and this is what it's worth, this is what
I went for, okay, tremendous video, you've
made an incredible film documentary, it
's not a joke. Although maybe this
content doesn't bring you so many visits, I know
that you feel very proud of this
video and proud to follow a person
like you, don't change. Thank you Javi for
continuing to give visibility, thanks to Rubn
and his partner for their priceless work.
Hello Javi, I am Valencian  that although
not damaged Yes another victim of
this abuse helplessness abandonment and loneliness
To whom we patatin patatan Okay thanks
for going Valencia and spreading this video I
am from al gems and I confirm everything they have
abandoned us Thanks jav oliveira
So this is my image to the one from Troy
This is my
image all your plots and all
your conspiracies and all your
unions I'm going to be rough because at this time
of night I can allow it and I'm
talking about a loser Okay then
talking about you that we are on the same
level not at these levels I can't
allow it your conspiracies I
don't give a damn they are
absolutely useless They are of no use for
me to respond later that's what they are for and
for you all to look worse Oh it's that
Javi has a Sentence he said bu
let's celebrate what he has one you
were celebrating the other day that they
had changed courts a lawsuit
that I have filed a lawsuit that I have
filed that even if I lose it when
the day comes and if I lose it what I have
filed you
understand no what is that  Javi insulted
Johan Plana, he insulted I don't know who and he
has a sentence for insulting I don't know
which youtuber
and and
and that [ __ ]
Thanks Lili for reminding me you are a
Trojan you are a Trojan you don't have a
tarnished image because your image was already born
[ __ ] okay you the other day you had to
deactivate the comments on your video
you had to deactivate the comments
on your channel I have never had to do
that Nor will I probably do it If
people disagree with me you can have an
opinion okay But you had to
deactivate the comments because you
were defending something shameful
dude you were
defending sexual abuse of a minor
since the age of 10 who had already been
sentenced and served time in prison and you
were still saying that the judge was
lying dude after having been a
week before getting angry because I threw in your
face that you defended Carlota Prado's abuser
dude what the [ __ ] is coming but look you
are stupid
dude that I am putting here the
capture of the girl sending me  the
capture And you still quote my tweet
clarifying it because it's not that you
quote a tweet from javil canino or
any of the Wilson stalkers
any of the stalkers not that you
like no no it's not that you quote my TT
clarifying it is that you quote my tweet with
the capture that proves that it is not a
capture that
I falsified and you are so extremely idiotic that I
swear eh family they are not characters that I
hire to make content eh they are like that you
quote my tweet with the proof and you say again
self Send a message for
help you are an
idiot you are an idiot And look at you, I
came here and I
simply put the thing about reading is not your thing
right go check again the capture
that Fil monra quoted
But how can I tell someone Fil
mon trap
total guy This is you the one from Troy let's
see who you are Look, I'm going to tell you
something that's indiscreet but we would all be
much happier If all those you have
named and you yourself stuck your tongue in my
ass you dedicated yourselves to  make
constructive and entertaining content for people
and not be beating up others, that thing that
you call
gossip that is not
gossip you can dedicate that time
and energy to doing other more
constructive things that are very son of a
[ __ ] and very pig and I wish you a bad
death but a bad death that dies
raging from pain she was a daughter of a
[ __ ] a bunch of psychopaths a bunch of
psychopaths it's just [ __ ] to you you piece of [ __ ]
Pita came out [ __ ] to you But hey it's okay
that that child suffers but they
put him in a juvenile center where he
is surrounded by 40 indigenous people Without Control you
can put it in masculine or
feminine as you please I wish you
the worst death you are a son of a
[ __ ] I said it and I stand by it two slaps
that bleed that is very dirty and a very
bad person there are people who are [ __ ]
planted on the ground a dog [ __ ]
that when you are walking you move out of the way
so as not to step on it the filthy and bad person you
don't even deserve your life pig you deserve
two  slaps that's being a low
Shameless but [ __ ] for you and
whoever repeats it You have to be a real slob
the idiot This one who's talking
[ __ ] that lady deserves but
[ __ ] that makes her spit blood and [ __ ]
and [ __ ] and [ __ ] and [ __ ] because you're a bad
person because you're a bad person
nothing good can go for you in life And
wait for karma to come and for
one blow after another to come to you that
life will give it to you on its own you're a
son of a [ __ ] and I reaffirm myself
on that again let's see if I say I'm valid It's that you're useless you're
worthless no And if you
call me disabled that you're also useless
with a slap
that blows your mouth off you don't pay maybe
for TR once you think about it You're
[ __ ] garbage when you disguise yourself with a
pretty face you're pure garbage as a person you're the
most twisted the worst thing I've
known in a long time not even Hitler and
serial killers produce less
rejection in me than you guys
less less rejection than you guys you are the
worst the worst  I have never met a person
so trashy, so swine, but Swine with a
capital P under a Scoundrel and a Bad
rabble because I am a bunch of mentally ill, what I
love about Troy is that you surround yourself and
collaborate and get together with people who
still have the balls to
get indignant or try to
point the finger at me for something because I have a
sentence for having insulted with four
little words people with whom I
had problems, and we are not
going to leave the context for another day,
but they had done harm, people who had
done harm but not me, where do they
have, thank goodness they have no idea
where you live, and even though they think they know, they
try to say it with hints, now
imagine if they really knew,
my God, well, if they have done it, no. I mean, they haven't done it, worse, they have
n't published my
registration number, where I am on vacation, this
and that, I mean, if it has been done, of course, of
course, then we are surprised that I do
n't want to put my address, of
course there is also a thing that I didn't
notice yesterday, but anyway, I am not going to
talk about that subject anymore, that subject
continues in the game and outside, no, but
I have never  lied anywhere
saying where I live eh what the
lawsuit says is for
notification purposes listen to me
e So if Javi is sentenced no Uy The sentenced
no Uy The sentenced and
this This is not worse than the content of
any of those nonsense of
Sentence I say eh I say this of ik
that I leave it for tomorrow let's see this
okay Let's see this there is not much to see this
simply that
this video has gone viral I don't know if it
says
where this video has gone viral a lot
but I don't know I do
n't know where it's not a
Bustamante concert but I don't know where and the people well it's
good the video was
obviously made because of David's physical change
host it's that it is It's that he has
changed a lot
[Music]
[Applause]
eh that he is very good he has always
been very good let's see but eh
regarding the subject this well let's see It's
normal that you are impressed by the
physical change in the end he is a popular character he is
not a public figure he is someone well
known famous he is also a person
who had an incredible physique my
wife always tells me that no  that he doesn't
find him handsome and I say he's always
seemed very handsome to me, I mean on
Instagram he doesn't look like that Of course because he
checks his profiles and such But to me he's
always seemed very
very handsome that he's combed his hair like that very
cool like I like with his quiffs
no And also like that with his with his jaw
and his neck always like that always very
fit you know his But well and it's not
criticizable that now he's a little chubby I mean I understand
that this is well we don't know
Hey maybe he's going through
some health problem in which he's
taking corticosteroids you know or maybe he doesn't care
I imagine it
's something like that you know because he's
very conceited And then I imagine it will be It will
be something like that he's probably going through He has a
tendency to
gain weight He's always had ups and downs in
weight Yes yes but he's stayed well
after Operation Triumph and
now well he's stopped no and it's like his
Eh Well I don't know the truth but it's
what I'm telling you we can't know
because maybe anything that
no that we don't know  Oh but it
reminds me of Carlos Latre Carlos Latre
imitating him precisely no no Carlos
Latre Paco
porra of course it's that I didn't know it
was him eh surprising but
the hair doesn't suit him this hairstyle
that he has done because outside of the
weight thing no at the party he looked chubby
chubby man
[Music]
[Applause]
Maybe it's that he feels happy
like that and he says look I don't give a damn you
understand But trust you the change eh
Look at the change eh Maybe it's not that we
never know Eh I thought it was
the 3 no no maybe maybe I think it will be
because he is very conceited I
think it will be Maybe anything
and he is maybe
the boy is on medication for anything not for that reason we should
never be judging or
talking about the physicals we are
talking about because it is news it is a little
contradictory what I am saying
but of course you never know what
a person could be going through and
maybe maybe the boy is having a bad time
okay or  the best thing is that he just doesn't give a
damn and he sees himself like that it's because he doesn't
care and he's reached a point
in his life where he says I don't care I
'm happier like this yes he has to be
aware of the grams of the
kilos I don't know what you know I don't know you don't know people do
n't have to tell them if they're fat if they
're too thin everyone has their
stories their problems you have to let them
everyone has mirrors at home and when
the time comes for each one if they decide to make
a decision and change and look for their
best version whatever it is we have to
respect it because we tend to do harm
for free everyone has a
mirror at home don't tell him he's changed he's
gained weight just like tell him how are you that's what you
have to say to
people and that's it go on to people of course of
course
Well but let's see the subject has been in the news
no the subject has been in the news and it's evident
that it is commented I don't know where
Oh I haven't opened the thing about Anton David
wait let me look for it for a second
please I haven't opened the thing about Antonio
David tremendously
free happy with what I
feel Tano Nino Nino well  I'm
not terribly
free to see what the
exclusive is that they commented on today about
Antonio David good afternoon
What's
the
topic Hey now it doesn't appear
now let's
see Hey pu Maybe Ah
yes yes Look here is the bombshell from
Antonio David Flores that has left
Kiko Rivera completely speechless
Kiko Rivera I didn't expect to check
the information that Antonio David Flores has uncovered about his mother
Antonio David
Flores has dedicated one of his
most recent videos on his channel to a
book that has been published about Isabel
Pantoja Thank you so family a work that
offers a previously unpublished account of the life
of the singer reviewing her
artistic and personal career Let's
see [ __ ] but this lasts 2 hours They
could have put the minute if Isabel
Pantoja didn't exist she would have to be
invented stated the author of the
unauthorized biography about
Julin Muoz's ex according to her no other
well-known face would have been able to endure
what she has lived through and even less so in
silence Let's see Anton David Flores gives a voice
to the author
Ah
look
Ah look Hey well we hadn't
found out Let's see let's see a
piece let's see a piece  let's see if
a stranger doesn't throw us in it's
because I did it
Well look No,
suddenly the question arises to me Why
Isabel Pantoja since when have you had
the idea in mind of doing a
biography about her and also the
coincidence in time of
[Music]
the statements of her daughter
effectively is not incredible because it is
a pure coincidence life is
a pure coincidence and this was a
coincidence I had with this this
biography written I finished it uh when they
put her star
on the Walk of Fame in Mrida no which is an award where the great great figures of the show are and there I finished it what I didn't know was that there was going to be another chapter too It's true that I uh I talk about Isabel Pantoja in her
biography logically Isabel isapi is
part of her life because she is a her daughter
no
uh I have to talk about her but
really who cares and and what
mattered to me is writing about Isabel
Pantoja a phenomenon that as you
said is that she is the only the only
living figure of song that after
50 years we continue talking about her
tonight we are talking
about her again once again I mean imagine
if it worked out yes it worked out I quote a phrase in
the book which is that if Isabel Pantoja did not
exist we would have to invent her because
for us
a character like that is essential there is no character that has
resisted over time for
decades not one eh Not one and she is still
there and man I think that this lady
is a bit of a fan eh I also tell you from the
little that I am seeing okay I recommend
that you watch the full interview on
Antonio Avis if you are interested in the subject but
of course to say that no one has survived over
time for so many decades and that it continues to be
talked about and that it continues to fill let's see eh Let's
see man we have Rafael okay about
Julio Iglesias there is still a lot of talk
okay about Roco Jurado Who is not here there is
still a lot of talk I think that there are
many artists not to say that she is so
that obviously without taking away
of course what Isabel Pantoja is let's get it straight
no but I think that there are Uf
Why have they died don't bother yourself no
but let's see there are many artists that are
followed and  we will continue talking about it
for life not in Spain no what do you think I will
be reading you family I'm going to leave it
here I don't know if there was any other topic
in the title that I left
pending but I think I think no that I've got
everything out Also I think there's a
newscast that's going to be published now let's
see I'm going to try it because I think there's a
newscast that has been uploaded that's going to be
uploaded super
late The kid from the news The
editor of today no Oh
no I'm not going to bed lon I'm going to
go to bed because open for the sake of opening Let's
see there are two or three
things come on yeah I'm going to go to the
salseria for a bit come on come on come on I'm going to go
to the salseria for a while
okay I'll see you tomorrow because tomorrow there's sure to be
something else okay over there
tomorrow we'll see you tomorrow because tomorrow there's sure to be
something else over there
okay kisses gorgeous
[Music]